PEOPLE ARE ZONING BOARD
OF APPEALS MEETINGS AND
BRATCHER ZONING BOARD APPEALS
IS THE NINE PERSON VOLUNTEER
BOARD NOMINATED BY THE MAYOR
AND APPROVED BY THE CITY
COUNCIL.
FIRST YEAR FOR PLANNING
SERVICES REPRESENTED BY JOHN
BAIRD, THEN THE APPLICANT OR
THEIR REPRESENTATIVE WILL MAKE
THEIR PRESENTATION.
APPLICANTS WILL HAVE FIVE
MINUTES IN WHICH TO MAKE THEIR
PRESENTATION.
STAFF WILL KEEP TIME NO ONE
ELSE FROM 30 ANY PUBLIC COMMENT
IS AVAILABLE IN PERSON OR
REMOTELY.
WE WILL FIRST CALL AN
INDIVIDUALS PRESENT TO ADDRESS
THE BOARD THEN REMOTE
PARTICIPANTS TO SPEAK DURING A
PUBLIC HEARING OR DURING PUBLIC
COMMENT REMOTELY.
CRESTAR NINE IF LISTENING BY
PHONE OR USE THE RACE AND
FEATURE VIEWING THROUGH THE
WEBLINK FOR PHONE ACCESS CALL
THE SEVEN SEVEN EIGHT FIVE
THREE FIVE TO FOUR SEVEN AND
ENTER MEETING IN NINE THREE
EIGHT ONE SIX OR EIGHT ONE ZERO
ZERO SEVEN WILL SELECT CALLERS
THAT HAVE RAISED THEIR HAND
USING THE LAST THREE DIGITS
OF THEIR PHONE NUMBER OR BY
NAME IS AVAILABLE FOR THOSE
ACCESSING THROUGH THE WEBSITE
YOU WILL HEAR AN AUTOMATED
ANNOUNCEMENT WHEN THE HOST IS
ALLOWING YOU TO SPEAK WHEN
SPEAKING PLEASE MOVE TO A QUIET
AREA AND MUTE ANY TELEVISION OR
BACKGROUND SOUNDS.
WE MAY ASK QUESTIONS OF EITHER
THE CITY OR THE APPLICANT.
WE WILL ACKNOWLEDGE ANY WRITTEN
COMMENTS RECEIVED BY THE BOARD
.
WE WILL ALLOW AN OPINION PARTY
TO EXPRESS THEIR SUPPORT OR
OBJECTION.
>> THE BOARD WILL THEN DISCUSS
THE APPEAL AND FORMULATE A
MOTION TO APPROVE THE FIVE
AFFIRMATIVE VOTES OF THE BOARD
WILL BE REQUIRED FOR AN APPEAL
TO BE GRANTED.
FINALLY, ANY QUALIFIED PARTY
WHO IS AGREED BY A DECISION THE
BOARD CAN APPEAL THAT DECISION
TO THE WASHTENAW COUNTY CIRCUIT
COURT ON A TIMELY BASIS.
>> ROLL CALL CANDIDATE BREYER.
I AM HERE AT GRANT YOUR DATA
READY.
>> YOU'VE ALREADY HERE CHRIS
MADIGAN SAID YOUR CLERK GRACE
WHITNEY HERE, MCDANIEL HERE,
EDMUND HERE.
CHRISTINA LUSSAC HERE WE HAVE A
QUORUM MOVING ON TO APPROVAL
OF THE AGENDA.
I WILL NOTE QUICKLY THAT I WILL
NEED TO RECUSE MYSELF FROM
PETITION ZIBA TWENTY FOUR ZERO
ZERO ONE THREE YOU DRIVE SO I
WILL TAKE OVER FOR THAT ONE
OTHERWISE ARE THERE ANY
QUESTIONS COMMENTS ON THE
AGENDA NOT DRIVE.
>> OH I WAS SAY I MOVED TO THE
PERUVIAN THANK YOU GRACE PARK.
THANK YOU DAVE IN FAVOR OPPOSED
MOVING ON TO APPROVAL'S
MINUTES.
WE HAVE MINUTES FROM THE MARCH
TWENTY SEVEN TWENTY TWENTY FOUR
MEETING AND ANY QUESTIONS
COMMENTS CORRECTIONS I THINK
SHOULD I MOVE WE ACCEPT THE
MINUTES FROM THE US MEETING.
>> THANK YOU DAVE SUPPORT THANK
YOU.
GREAT IN FAVOR BY THE POST.
RIGHT.
MOVING ON TO PUBLIC HEARINGS
FIRST PETITION TONIGHT THE MSBA
TWENTY FOUR DASH ZERO ZERO ONE
ZERO TWO SIXTEEN NORTH STATE
STREET JUMP.
JOHN BARRETT, ZONING
COORDINATOR FOR THE CITY NRA
AND I WANT TO THANK EVERYBODY
FOR THEIR PATIENCE AND
UNDERSTANDING THIS EVENING FOR
THIS ALTERNATE LOCATION IN THE
BASEMENT.
IT'S NOT IDEAL BUT IT'S WHAT WE
ARE FACED WITH AND NORMALLY
WE'RE IN THE COUNCIL CHAMBERS
BUT UNFORTUNATELY THAT'S GOING
THROUGH SOME TECHNOLOGY
UPGRADES.
SO TONIGHT WE'RE HERE IN THE
BASEMENT.
SO I THANK YOU ALL FOR SHOWING
UP UNDERSTANDING SCOTT THORSON
REPRESENTING THE PROPERTY OWNER
IS REQUESTING RELIEF FROM
SECTION FIVE POINT THIRTY TWO
POINT TWO NONCONFORMING
STRUCTURE TO CREATE NEW HAVE A
LITTLE SPACE IN THE BASEMENT
FOR A THREE BEDROOM UNIT.
THE EXISTING NINE POINT RENTAL
HOME IS A SEVEN UNIT BUILDING
THAT IS BEING REDUCED TO FOUR
UNITS.
THREE OF THE UNITS WILL BE
CONVERTED TO SIX BEDROOM UNITS
AND THE PROPOSED THREE BEDROOM
UNIT IN THE BASEMENT.
THE PROPERTY IS NONCONFORMING
FALLOT AREA AND THE REAR YARD
STEP TO THE PROPERTY IS ZONED
OUR FORCE.
THE MULTIPLE FAMILY DWELLING
DISTRICT.
THE SUBJECT PROPERTY IS LOCATED
ON THE SOUTHEAST CORNER AT THE
INTERSECTION OF NORTH STATE
STREET AND CATHERINE STREET AND
THE OLD FOURTH WARD HISTORIC
DISTRICT.
THE LARGE TWO STORY HOUSE IS
LISTED IN THE 1868 CITY
DIRECTORY ASSISTANCE NORTH
NORTH STATE, THE HOME OF STEVEN
WEBSTER OF MILLER AND WEBSTER
BANK ESTABLISHED IN 1850.
BUT THE LOTTERY IS 7600 AND
TWENTY TWO SQUARE FEET IN AREA.
THE EXISTING STRUCTURE HAS
THREE ADDITIONS EFFICIENCY
UNITS AND FOUR ONE BEDROOM
UNITS.
THE STRUCTURE IS CERTIFIED FOR
ELEVEN OCCUPANTS CURRENTLY THE
PROPOSED RENOVATIONS WILL
REDUCE THE NUMBER OF UNITS FROM
SEVEN TO FOUR.
THE TOTAL NUMBER OF BEDROOMS
WILL INCREASE TO TWENTY ONE
BEDROOMS.
THERE ARE NO PROPOSED EXTERIOR
CHANGES TO THE BUILDING EXCEPT
FOR BASEMENT WINDOW WELLS
EGRESS WINDOWS.
THE PROPERTY RECEIVED AFDC
APPROVAL FOR THE NEW WINDOW
WELLS ON THURSDAY, MARCH 14TH.
IF YOU WILL TURN YOUR ATTENTION
TO THE SCREEN YOU SEE THE
SUBJECT PROPERTY HIGHLIGHTED IN
BLUE IN THE CENTER AT THE
INTERSECTION OF NORTH ST. AND
CATHERINE STREET.
THAT'S THE ZONING MAP.
SURROUNDING PROPERTIES ARE ALL
OUR POLICY.
THIS IS THE AREA SHOWING
SURROUNDING PROPERTIES AND
EXISTING CONDITIONS AND AND
THIS IS THE ZOOMED IN AERIAL
PHOTO OF THE SUBJECT PROJECT.
NEXT SLIDE IS THE SURVEY THAT
WAS SUBMITTED WITH THE
APPLICATION BY THE APPLICANT
AND THE NEXT SLIDE SHOWS A NEW
PROPOSED FIRST FLOOR WITH THE
SIX BEDROOMS.
>> I NEED THE SECOND FLOOR WITH
SIX BEDROOMS AND A NEW THIRD
FLOOR WITH SIX BEDROOMS.
AND THEN THIS IS THE NEWLY
PROPOSED HABITABLE SPACE IN THE
BASEMENT FOR A THREE BEDROOM
UNIT IN THE BASEMENT
.
>> THESE ARE THE EXISTING
CONDITIONS OF THE PROPERTY
CURRENTLY.
>> LIKE I SAID, THERE'S THREE
OF THREE EFFICIENCY'S AND FOUR
ONE BEDROOMS CURRENTLY IT'S THE
SECOND FLOOR, THE THIRD FLOOR
AND THE JUST BASEMENT WITH NO
HAPPY LITTLE SPACE.
>> THESE ARE THE PHOTOS THAT I
TOOK AT MY INSPECTION AT THE
PROPERTY YOU SEE THE FRONT
OF IT.
MY BACK IS FACING NORTH STATE
STREET.
IT'S THE FRONT ENTRANCE OF THE
HOME.
THIS IS THE SOUTH AND SOUTH
ELEVATION OF THE HOME.
THAT'S THE NORTH ELEVATION
ALONG CATHERINE AND THIS IS THE
BACKYARD OF THE PROPERTY, THE
DRIVEWAY AND YOU SEE THE THE
OLD ONE PART AS WELL.
IT'S A DIFFERENT VIEW OF THE
BACK OF THE HOUSE LOOKING OUT
TOWARDS KATHERINE AND OR STATE
STREET AND THAT IS THE END
OF MY PRESENTATION.
I'LL TAKE ANY QUESTIONS.
>> BUT THE BOARD IN THE HANDS
OF THIS THE ANY QUESTIONS I
ASSUME GOING TO 22 OCCUPANTS IS
TWENTY ONE TWENTY ONE OCCUPANTS
OF THE SPINE OTHERWISE YOU
WOULDN'T BE THERE.
BUT YES, EACH SINCE IT IS ON
OUR FORCE THE EACH UNIT CAN
HAVE UP TO SIX UNRELATED
PERSONS BUT
I SAID PETITIONERS
HERE PLEASE COME FORWARD AND
SAY YOUR NAME FOR THE RECORD
YOU'LL HAVE FIVE OF THEM
.
>> HI A SCOTT IN HERE FOR TWO
SIXTEEN NORTH STATE AND JOHN
DID A GOOD JOB EXPLAINING
WHAT'S GOING ON OVER THERE.
WE ALREADY HAVE A BUILDING
PERMIT FOR THE FIRST THREE
FLOORS TO IMPROVE THIS PROPERTY
TO CREATE MORE BASICALLY MORE
GARDENS WHERE SPACE IS NEEDED
IN ANN ARBOR THIS IS A STUDENT
AREA, HIGH DENSITY AREA.
A LOT OF STUDENT ADULTS AROUND
HERE AND WHILE WE'RE DOING THIS
WE HAVE A BASEMENT THAT IS
BASICALLY NOT UTILIZED.
WE'RE OBVIOUSLY STAYING WITHIN
THE FOOTPRINT.
WE'RE NOT EXPANDING ANYTHING.
WE'RE ADDING THREE EGRESS
WINDOWS WHICH ARE TWO OF MY ON
THE SIDE OF THIS DRIVEWAY.
SO THEY'RE NOT REALLY ABLE TO
BE SEEN FROM THE ROAD AND THEY
DON'T TAKE AWAY FROM THE
HISTORIC ASPECTS OF THE HOUSE
BY GETTING THIS APPEAL JUST
ALLOWS US TO BETTER USE A LOT
BETTER UTILIZE EXISTING SPACE
AND IT'S A BENEFIT TO THE
NEIGHBORHOOD ANN ARBOR IN
GENERAL.
WE'RE ALSO IMPROVE ALL THE
MECHANICAL ALL THE ELECTRICAL
AND PLUMBING, ALL THAT STUFF IS
BRAND NEW.
PLUS THIS BUILDING WILL HAVE
FIRE SUPPRESSION WHEN IT'S DONE
GIVING QUESTIONS.
THANK YOU.
HOW MANY EXISTING PARKING
PLACES ARE THERE?
SO THERE'S PARKING ON THE SIDE
AND THERE'S ALSO A DRIVEWAY
THAT IT'S KIND OF GOT A TWO
TRACK ON THE SIDE THAT'S BEEN
THERE FOREVER AND THE DRIVEWAY.
>> SO THERE'S PROBABLY FOUR OR
FIVE SPOTS AND IT'LL STAY THE
SAME.
THEY'LL STAY THE SAME.
YOU KNOW THE PARKING ON THE
SIDE IT'LL LOOK LIKE THAT WAS
WITHIN THE SET BACK.
IT'S AN OLD IT'S LIKE THIS
RIGHT HERE DENHA YEAH.
YEAH IT'S BEEN THERE FOR 50
YEARS I'VE SEEN IN THAT AREA
BUT I UNDERSTAND ALL THE NIGHT
BEFORE ME AND I'M IN FAVOR
OF ALLOWING PARKING THERE BUT I
ACTUALLY HAVE A TENANT WHO HAS
GOTTEN TICKETED FOR PARKING IN
A DRIVEWAY AND HAVING HIS CAR
IN FRONT OF THE I MEAN HE'S IN
THE DRIVEWAY BUT IT EXTENDS IN
FRONT OF THE FRONT PORCH AND
OVER THERE ON DEWEY STREET AND
MEANWHILE I WALK AROUND THE
NEIGHBORHOOD AND NOTICE BIGGER
TAYLOR'S HOUSE SOMETIMES
THERE'S A CAR PARKED IN THE
SETBACK AREA AND I DOUBT HE'S
GOTTEN A TICKET ALTHOUGH I'VE
GOT TO ASK HIM AND IT'S JUST
SOMETHING THAT AGGRAVATES ME
AND I'M YOU'RE FAMILIAR WITH
THIS, OF COURSE.
SO I JUST I IT'S FINE WITH ME
IF THEY PARK THEIR ANY
QUESTIONS FOR THE PETITIONER.
OK, THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
IF THERE'S ANYONE FROM THE
PUBLIC CAN SPEAK ON THIS
PETITION, NOW'S YOUR CHANCE
THERE'S ANYONE HERE PLEASE COME
FORWARD IF THERE'S ANYONE
ACCESSING REMOTELY PLEASE PRESS
STAR NINE OR USE THE RIGHT HAND
BUTTON YOU ISN'T THAT HARD
WORK?
AND JUST SO YOU KNOW YEAH WE
KNOW NOTHING I CAN DO ABOUT IT.
I DON'T KNOW HOW TO THANK YOU.
YES.
PEOPLE TO SAY SOMETHING THAT
THEY HEAR I NEED TO SAY I'M
GOING TO WHAT'S SO THE AUDIO IS
CURRENTLY NO I'M GOING TO TRY
TO PROMOTE THE CALLER AND SEE
IF WE CAN STILL
DETERMINE IF
YOU'RE DENHA
CAN YOU HEAR US
?
I'VE BEEN HEARING FOR SO I
COULD HEAR ANYTHING HERE.
YOU CAN HEAR ALL THE CALLERS
CAN'T HEAR US BUT WE SHOULD BE
AT HOME DON'T ROAD BECAUSE ZOO
IS NOT OPEN TO OH WE JUST NEED
TO MOVE OUT AND NOT YEAH BUT
YOU SHOULD BE OPEN IT YOU KNOW
THAT'S IMPORTANT YOU KNOW BLACK
AND WHITE IF IT WAS THAT WE'D
BE HERE RIGHT.
I HAVE TO THAT CHOICE RIGHT
INITIALS BUT IT COMES BACK AND
IN THE MEANTIME I DO NOT
BELIEVE WE RECEIVED ANY
CORRESPONDENCE ON THIS PETITION
.
I WILL NOT GO PREVIOUS AT LAST
MONTH'S MEETING WE DID HAVE
SOMEONE FROM THE AUDIENCE THAT
SPOKE I THINK AGAINST THIS
PETITION.
I REMEMBER EVERYTHING.
>> YEAH, DENHA MEANING BUT I
DID NOT SEE ANYTHING IN THIS
THIS MONTH'S REQUEST WAS GOING
TO BE KEEP WATCH TV AND WE WERE
YOU ABOUT YOUR WORK OR YOU YEAH
IT WAS IT WITHOUT THE D.A.
TO
TAKE A QUICK BREAK.
MARCUS WAS GETTING INTO THE
COMPUTER.
HE'S ON THAT THE OTHER DAY HE
SAID HE
FOR YOU KEEP GOING.
THANKS.
DO YOU HAVE ANY OTHER WAY TO
COMMUNICATE WITH PERSON BECAUSE
WE CAN HEAR HIM IF YOU CAN
SPEAK BE TO TELL HIM EVERYTHING
YOU CAN'T BECAUSE OF I THINK
BECAUSE OF OTHER SETTINGS.
THAT'S RIGHT.
RIGHT
.
IT CONCERNS ME THOUGH THAT
SOMEONE WANTS TO MAKE A COMMENT
AND I COULD ABOUT YOU BUT YEAH.
BUT CAN WE ADVERTISE THAT THEY
CAN SHOOT?
I LOOK AT IT AS THIS IS QUITE
AN EASY STAND.
DO YOU WANT US TO AVOID YEAH
BUT I GO FOR THE NEXT CASE BUT
I WANT TO KEEP MOVING OUT THIS
ONE.
OK, WELL I'M PRETTY SURE THE
PEOPLE THAT HAVE THEIR HANDS
RAISED FEATURE PRESENTERS
BECAUSE I'M RECOGNIZING JAMES
IN TO REPRESENT THEIR
PRESENTATIONS THEY SHOULD GET
DOWN TO YOU COULD ANNOUNCE THAT
I WANT TO MEET WITH THE
MINISTER AND SO THEY CAN THEY
COULD HEAR SOMETHING ABOUT
LOOKING AT STRUZAN AND WE
TECHNOLOGY GREAT.
I THINK I REMEMBER MY QUICK
REACTIONS THE WE SHOULD KEEP
MOVING PEOPLE CAN'T CALL IN
THIS MEETING BUT THEY CAN'T
PRESENT THEN IT SHOULD PROBABLY
BE POSTPONED.
YEAH I AGREE WITH THAT.
THAT'S WHERE I DRAW THE LINE
ALL LEADERS CAN YOU HEAR US?
>> YES I CAN UNDERSTAND.
OK I KNOW I KNOW JUST CAME ON
OK AND YOU'RE NOT COMMENTING ON
THIS ITEM CORRECT.
>> REPRESENTING THAT IS
CORRECT.
OK SO I JUST WANT TO MAKE SURE
THAT WE DON'T HEAR ANY OF THE
PROCEEDINGS OK THANK YOU.
I'M GOING TO PUT YOU BACK ON
EXPECT TO HEAR SUCH QUESTIONS
FIRST WE'RE TRYING TO FIGURE
THAT OUT OK, THANK YOU.
IS THERE ANY WAY YOU COULD GET
HER TO KNOW SO THERE'S NO ONE
TO SPEAK ON THIS CONDITION
ANYONE THAT HAS THEIR HAND
RAISED AS FAR AS I UNDERSTAND
NOT SURE.
YEAH, OK, OK.
SO I'M HEARING IS CLOSED AND
WE'RE IN DISCUSSIONS.
I'M READY TO MAKE A MOTION OR
TWO WE DISCUSSED FIRST IT'S A
DISCUSSION AND I'LL JUST PUT A
VERY BRIEF COMMENT ABOUT MR.
CLASSON DID A VERY GOOD JOB AND
I'M ALWAYS HAPPY TO HEAR WHEN
THERE ARE A LOT OF PEOPLE IN
THE BUILDING THAT THEY'RE
UPGRADING AND ADDING FIRE
SUPPRESSION EQUIPMENT.
THAT'S REALLY NICE.
>> OK, OK ZIBA 24 DECIR ZERO
ONE ZERO TO SIXTEEN NORTH STATE
STREET ALTERATION TO A NON
PERFORMANCE STRUCTURE.
THE ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS
HEREBY GRANTS RELIEF FROM
SECTION FIVE POINT THIRTY TWO
POINT TO ALTERATION WERE
NONCONFORMING STRUCTURE TO
ALLOW CONSTRUCTION OF NEW
HABITABLE SPACE IN THE
BASEMENT.
THE RESIDENCES OF EXISTING
SEVEN YEAR RENTAL HOME WILL BE
REDUCED TO FOUR UNITS AFTER A
PROPOSED INTERIOR ALTERATIONS.
THE BASEMENT ALTERATION IS TO
BE BUILT PER THE SUBMITTED
PLANS SUPPORT MOTION GAVE
SUPPORT GREECE LIKE YES THEY
HAVE ALREADY YES CHRISTINA YES
.
>> YES GRACE YES.
YES YES IT IS GRANTED MOVING ON
TO PETITION CBA TWENTY FOUR
THIS YEAR ZERO ZERO ONE SIX ONE
TWO NINE FOUR DO IT AT
JEFFEREY
ONCE PROPERTY SEEKING A
VARIANCE OF SIXTY THREE SQUARE
FEET FROM CHAPTER FIFTY FIVE
TABLE FIVE POINT SEVENTEEN DASH
ONE SINGLE FAMILY RESIDENTIAL
ZONING DISTRICTS LOT AREA
MINIMUM THE PROPERTY IS ZONED
R-1 BE SINGLE FAMILY
RESIDENTIAL AND IS NINETEEN
THOUSAND NINE HUNDRED AND
THIRTY SEVEN SQUARE FEET IN
SIZE PARCELS AND THEY ARE ONE
BE DISTRICT REQUIREMENT ONE LOT
AREA OF TEN THOUSAND SQUARE
FEET.
THE VARIANCE IF GRANTED WILL
ALLOW FOR APPROVAL OF A LAND
DIVISION AND THE CREATION
OF ONE NINE THOUSAND NINE
HUNDRED THIRTY SEVEN SQUARE
FOOT PARCEL AND ONE TEN
THOUSAND WORTH OF PARCEL.
THE SUBJECT PROPERTY IS LOCATED
ON THE SOUTH SIDE OF JOEVIN
DIRECTLY ACROSS FROM THE ACROSS
THE STREET FROM THE COMMON
LAURA PRIVATE DAY SCHOOL THERE
IS A ONE BEDROOM, ONE BATH 882
SQUARE FOOT HOME ON THE
PROPERTY.
CURRENTLY THAT HOME WAS
CONSTRUCTED IN NINETEEN MONEY.
THE OWNER HAS STATED THE
EXISTING HOME WILL REMAIN AND
THERE ARE NO PLANS TO CONSTRUCT
A NEW PRIMARY RESIDENCE ON THE
NEWLY CREATED LOT TO THE REAR.
THE EXISTING DETACHED GARAGE
WILL BE DEMOLISHED TO
ACCOMMODATE THE REQUIRED 30
FOOT ACCESS EASEMENT TO THE
NEWLY CREATED PARCEL TO TURN
YOUR ATTENTION TO THE SCREEN
YOU SEE THE FIRST MAN JUST THE
ZONING THAT YOU SEE THE
HIGHLIGHTED PARCEL IN THE
CENTER OF YOUR SCREEN ON THE
SOUTH SIDE TO DO IT AND STOP
INDUSTRIAL TO THE WEST AND
CONTACTORS UP TO THE EAST.
ALL THE SURROUNDING PROPERTIES
ARE ZONED R1 B IN THIS SECTOR
AND THERE ARE ONLY FOUR S THE
NEXT SLIDE SHOWS THE AREA MAP
SURROUNDING PROPERTIES AND
EXISTING CONDITIONS AND THE
NEXT SLIDE SHOWS THE EXISTING
ZOOMED IN PARCEL AND HOW IT
CURRENTLY EXISTS.
THAT'S THE EXISTING HOME I
TALKED ABOUT IN THE ADJACENT
GARAGE.
>> THE NEXT SLIDE IS THE SURVEY
THAT WAS SUBMITTED WITH THE
APPLICATION TO NINETEEN
THOUSAND NINE HUNDRED AND
THIRTY SEVEN SQUARE FOOT CASTLE
TWO POINT FOUR OR FIVE EIGHT
ACRES.
>> THIS IS THE SITE PLAN OR THE
PROPOSED THIRTY ACRES OF LAND
DIVISION SHOWING THE NEWLY
CREATED PROPERTY LINE THE
DEMOLISHING OF THE EXISTING
GARAGE AND THE 30 FOOT WIDE
ACCESS EASEMENT TO ACCESS A
NEWLY CREATED PARCEL IN THE
THAT PARCEL A PARCEL B THIS ONE
PARCEL WHICH IS THE ONE WHICH
IS THE VARIANCE REQUEST FOR THE
SIXTY THREE SQUARE FEET.
>> THIS IS THE CONCEPTUAL
DESIGN OF WHAT THE HOMEOWNERS
INTEND TO BUILD SOMETHING
SIMILAR TO THIS IF THE VARIANCE
IS GRANTED.
>> THESE ARE THE PHOTOS I TOOK
WHEN I VISITED THE PROPERTY.
YOU SEE THE EXISTING CURRENT
HOME AND THE GARAGE ADJACENT.
>> THIS IS LOOKING DIRECTLY ALL
THE WAY DOWN THE BACK OF THE
PROPERTY THAT WE ARE WHICH
WOULD BE CASTLE B AND THIS IS
LOOKING BACK TOWARDS THE FRONT
OF THE LOT TOWARDS THE FRONT
OF JEWITT IN THE BACK OF THE
HOME CASTLE A ADJACENT PROPERTY
TO THE EAST AND ADJACENT
PROPERTY TO THE WEST.
THAT IS ALL I HAVE AT THIS
TIME.
I WILL TAKE ANY QUESTIONS THAT
YOU MAY HAVE.
>> CHRIS, CAN I JUST ASK WHAT'S
THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THIS AND
THAT REQUEST WAS OH, YOU DON'T
HAVE TO MAKE A STATEMENT.
THERE'S NO REQUIRED WAITING
PERIOD.
IT JUST HAS TO HAVE DIFFERENT
CIRCUMSTANCES TO THE CASE AND
THE FACT THAT WE HAVE A MORE
PERSONNEL AND MORE PEOPLE FOR A
FORUM IS THE EXTENUATING
CIRCUMSTANCES AND INSTEAD
OF FIVE NOW WE HAVE SEVEN.
I JUST AM WONDERING DID THEY
CAN YOU DISCUSS THAT AT ALL
LIKE THE CITY ATTORNEY SAID, I
JUST MAKE SURE THAT WE'RE THE
THAT THAT THE YOU GUYS DON'T
THINK THAT'S A GOOD ENOUGH
REASON YOU COULD ALWAYS VOTE ON
IT.
BUT THANKS FOR THE QUESTION.
YEP.
PAPER WHAT'S THE FINANCIAL ON
DO IT AT LEAST ONCE.
HAVE I DONE THAT WITH AND LEAVE
THAT SEVENTY TWO POINT FIVE.
SO IN EFFECT WE'RE TALKING
ABOUT TAKING ONE FOOT OFF
ACROSS THE WIDTH OF THE SECOND
PERSON NOT LESS AND LESS THAN
THAT PROBABLY APPROXIMATELY TEN
INCHES.
TEN INCHES OK I MEAN IT SEEMS
TO ME IT'S THANK YOU FOR
ANSWERING THE QUESTIONS FOR
JOHN PETITIONERS LIKE THEY COME
FORWARD TO STATE YOUR NAME FOR
THE RECORD SIGNING YOU'LL HAVE
.
SO THANKS FOR THE OPPORTUNITY
TO READ HERE.
JOHN MENTIONED THERE ARE ONLY
FIVE BOARD MEMBERS IN
ATTENDANCE LAST TIME WE WERE
HERE AND FOUR VOTED IN FAVOR.
ONE DID NOT SO WANT IT TO LIKE
WE DIDN'T HAVE ENOUGH TIME TO
REALLY DISCUSS IT AND THEREFORE
WE'RE NOT INFORMED TO MAKE THE
RIGHT DECISION IF WE WANTED TO
POSTPONE.
RIGHT.
SO WE DIDN'T HAVE VERY TIME TO
MAKE THAT DECISION.
SO YOU KNOW, OBVIOUSLY
PRESUMABLY THE SPIRIT OR INTENT
OF THE BOARD TO HAVE ONE BOARD
MEMBER VETO 80 PERCENT OF THE
REMAINING REMAINING MEMBERS
THE
BOARD SO SO SO THAT'S THAT'S ON
THE REHEARING AS FAR AS THE
REQUESTED.
SO AGAIN, THAT'S QUITE QUITE
MINIMAL.
AND TO PUT IT IN PERSPECTIVE, I
MEAN WE'RE TALKING ABOUT THREE
INCHES ON BOTH SIDES OF THE
WHAT WHAT KIND OF MEET THE
REQUIREMENT HERE FROM WHAT WE
UNDERSTAND IT'S IN LINE WITH
THE AGENDA OF THE CITY AS FAR
AS INCREASING HOUSING DENSITY
AND AND SO WE WANT TO CERTAINLY
SUPPORT THAT AND AND OBVIOUSLY,
YOU KNOW, WE WANT TO BUILD OUR
HOME SO SO YEAH.
I APPRECIATE APPRECIATE THE
CONSIDERATION.
THAT'S OK.
I NEED TO SAY ONE MORE THING
AND SO ON ON SO YOU KNOW, IF
YOU LOOK AT THE KIND OF THE
PARCELS THEY'RE LAID OUT
CURRENTLY YOU'VE GOT, YOU KNOW,
A SPLIT ON ONE SIDE, ONE SIDE
AND THEN ON THE OTHER SIDE YOU
TWO HOUSES DOWN.
YOU ALSO HAVE A SPLIT AND ONE
OF THOSE IS ACTUALLY 9600
SQUARE FEET WHICH IS
SIGNIFICANTLY US AND WHAT WE'RE
REQUESTING SO YOU CAN SEE IT
RIGHT THERE WILL BE TWO TWO
LINES TO THE PART ABOUT THREE
BLOCKS TO THE RIGHT THERE'S THE
SMALL LINE.
YEAH.
SO YEAH SO THERE ARE SOME PARTS
OF THAT AND THEN THE TWO MARKS
ON THE OTHER SIDE ARE DOING A
SPLIT IDEA THAT WE'RE TRYING TO
DO AND THEY JOHN SHOWED A
PICTURE THEY BUILT THE FIRST
HOUSE ON THE FRONT PART OF THE
LOT IN THERE ABOUT TO START
BUILDING THE SECOND HOUSE ON
THE BACK OF THE LINE SO
THERE'LL BE THREE BLOCKS IN A
ROW WITH A SIMILAR THEME
BECAUSE I THINK WE
COVERED EVERYTHING SO ANY
QUESTIONS FOR US?
THANK YOU VERY MUCH
.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
THERE'S ANYONE FROM THE PUBLIC
THAT WISHES TO SPEAK ON THIS
PETITION.
NOW'S YOUR CHANCE IF YOU ARE
HERE IN PERSON, PLEASE COME
FORWARD IF YOU'RE ACCESSING
REMOTELY AND YOU CAN HEAR US
PLEASE PRESS STAR LINE I USE
THE RIGHT BUTTON.
I BELIEVE THERE ARE NO ALL
RIGHT.
THANK YOU WITH THAT THE PUBLIC
HEARING IS CLOSED TO MR
PREVIOUSLY DARMA MADE AN
EXCELLENT POINT.
YEAH, THIS IS IN KEEPING WITH
WHAT'S GOING ON IN THE
NEIGHBORHOOD AND ALSO IN
KEEPING WITH THE ZONING WHICH
REQUIRES ESSENTIALLY 10000
SQUARE FEET PER LINE, NOT 20000
SQUARE FEET PER LOT FOR SINGLE
FAMILY HOMES AND THIS IS SO
CLOSE TO 10000 SQUARE FEET THAT
I THINK IT WARRANTS THE
VARIANCE IN THIS CASE AND THE
FACT THAT THERE ARE ADJACENT
PARCELS THAT ARE ESSENTIALLY
GOING THROUGH SIMILAR SPLITS
AND PROVIDING ADDITIONAL
HOUSING IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD.
I THINK THIS IS TOTALLY IN
KEEPING WITH WHAT'S GOING ON IN
THAT NEIGHBORHOOD AND IT'S IN
KEEPING WITH THE INTENT OF OUR
ZONING VOTE.
YEAH, I AGREE WITH DAVE AND I
WERE IN FAVOR THE PREVIOUS
MEETING.
I THINK THAT IT NEEDS MORE THE
SPIRIT OF THE ORDINANCE AS I
JUST QUESTION AFTER HAVING MORE
PEOPLE IT'S AN EXTENUATING
CIRCUMSTANCES BECAUSE WE DID
SAY AT THE BEGINNING OF THE
PREVIOUS MEETING SO I'M JUST
INTERESTED TO KNOW HOW OTHER
PEOPLE FEEL REGARDING THAT.
I'M IN FAVOR VARIANCE ITSELF.
I JUST I'M NOT 100 PERCENT SURE
THAT I FEEL IT'S AN EXTENUATING
CIRCUMSTANCES BECAUSE WE DO SAY
AT THE BEGINNING OF THE MEETING
THAT YOU DO NEED FIVE VOTES TO
TAKE.
I'M COMFORTABLE WITH YOUR
ASSESSMENT STAFF'S ASSESSMENT
VOTE FOR MR MIKE.
THEY PAY ANOTHER FEE.
YES, GOOD ENOUGH FOR ME.
I I DO WANT TO POINT OUT THAT
AT THE LAST MEETING THERE WAS A
LOT OF THIS WAS THE FIRST THING
THAT CAME UP AND YOU KNOW YOU
KNOW, THESE ARE NOT PEOPLE THAT
COME BEFORE US LIKE SOME
OF SOME PETITIONERS BEFORE US
MEETING AFTER MEETING AND THERE
WERE SEVERAL PETITIONERS THAT
GIVEN WHAT TRANSPIRED THROUGH
THIS FIRST HEARING AT THE LAST
MEETING JUST WENT THROUGH AND
SAID TAKE US OFF THE AGENDA AND
I JUST FEEL THAT THIS
PETITIONER WAS NOT AFFORDED THE
OPPORTUNITY TO MAKE A FAIR
DECISION.
I DON'T THINK A FAIR
OPPORTUNITY TO MAKE THAT SAME
DECISION AND NOW THEY'VE PAID
ANOTHER FEE IN ORDER TO COME
BEFORE US BEFORE ADDITIONALLY
AND IF IT WAS NOT IN KEEPING
WITH THE SPIRIT OF THE EXISTING
ZONING CODE , I WOULD FEEL
DIFFERENTLY.
BUT I FEEL LIKE IT'S JUST IT
DOESN'T MAKE SENSE TO ME TO
HAVE SOMETHING SO OUT OF LINE.
WHAT ELSE IS GOING ON IN THE
NEIGHBORHOOD?
THE ORDINANCE DOES THE
APPLICATION FOR A REHEARING
SHALL BE DENIED BY THE TZVIA IF
THE APPLICANT IS UNABLE TO
PRESENT EVIDENCE TO SHOW THAT
THERE HAS BEEN A SUBSTANTIAL
CHANGE IN THE FACTS
CIRCUMSTANCES FOR GUBERNATOR
REALLY QUESTION AND I WOULD SAY
THAT CIRCUMSTANCES HAVE CHANGED
SUBSTANTIALLY.
I THINK THAT'S ONLY I THINK
PICKING UP WHAT GRACE AND DAVID
SAID THE PHRASE THAT COMES TO
MIND IS THE FANCY LEGAL PHRASE
DE MINIMUS.
THIS IS JUST A VERY TINY LITTLE
BIT WE'RE TALKING BEING SHORT
10000 SQUARE FEET A LITTLE OVER
POINT SIX ZERO POINT SIX
PERCENT REALLY IS NOTHING.
AND I NOTE THAT IN THE COMMENTS
THAT THE PUBLIC INFORMATION
THAT THE PROPERTY PURCHASER HAD
INDICATED THAT IT INCLUDED THE
20000 SQUARE FEET SO I'VE
ALWAYS LOOKED AT A LAND SURVEY
AS THE GOLD STANDARD BUT
APPARENTLY IT EARLIER THE
ANSWER THEY INDICATED A
DIFFERENT AMOUNT IN MANY CASES.
SIXTY THREE TO ME IS NOTHING.
I'M GOING TO BE VOTING IN FAVOR
OF THIS.
I THINK IT'S GREAT I DROVE BY
THE PROPERTY YESTERDAY.
IT'S A BIG SPOT IN THE BACK FOR
THEM TO ADD A HOUSE AND I THINK
RATIO THAT IT CAME INTO OUR
WE'RE TRYING TO INCREASE
DENSITY.
I THINK THIS IS SORT OF A NO
BRAINER.
NOBODY I CAN MAKE A MOTION
OF ANY OTHER DISCUSSION.
>> I THINK YOU DID A TWENTY
FOUR DASH ONE ZERO ZERO ZERO.
WELL IT JUST WANTS TO KNOW WHAT
SHOULD THE NUMBER ONE ZERO ZERO
ONE SIX TWENTY FOUR ZERO ZERO
ONE IS IT OK.
OH THAT'S RIGHT TWELVE NINETY
FOUR YOU DOWN AND BASED ON THE
FOLLOWING FINDINGS AND IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE ESTABLISHED
STANDARDS FOR APPROVAL THE
ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS HEREBY
GRANTS A SIXTY THREE SQUARE
FOOT VARIANCE FROM CHAPTER
FIFTY FIVE LOTERIA MINIMUM
OF FIVE POINT SEVENTEEN DASH
ONE SINGLE FAMILY RESIDENTIAL
ZONING DISTRICTS.
THE VARIANCE APPLIES TO THE
FORWARD FACING LOT ADJACENT TO
JEWETT AVENUE A VARIANCE
OF SIXTY THREE SQUARE FEET IS
REQUIRED TO COMPLETE THE
PROPOSED LAND DIVISION HAKODATE
TO SUPPORT SQUARE DEGREASE.
YES DARMA YES LIKE YES SAY
DIVIDED YES CRISTIANA YES.
>> YES YES.
THE REQUEST IS BEING LINKED TO
THE TWENTY FOUR THIS ZERO ZERO
ZERO SIX SIX ONE STRETFORD
DRATTED
SO WE WILL THE PROPERTY
OWNER IS SEEKING A VARIANCE
FROM SECTION FIVE POINT TWENTY
SIX POINT TWO SUBSECTION A ONE
FENCING STANDARDS TO ALLOW AN
EIGHT FOOT TALL ONE PERCENT
OPAQUE FRONT FENCE IN THE FRONT
YARD ALONG HILL STREET AND EVEN
THE MAXIMUM HEIGHT AND OPACITY
IN THE FRONT YARD IS FOUR FEET
TALL AND FIFTY PERCENT FOR
RESIDENTIAL DISTRICT.
THE PROPERTY IS OWNED BY ONE
SINGLE FAMILY RESIDENTIAL.
THE SUBJECT PROPERTY IS LOCATED
AT THE SOUTHEAST CORNER, THE
HILL STREET AND AVON ROAD
INTERSECTION AND THAT ANGEL
NEIGHBORHOOD THE HOME WAS BUILT
IN 1950 AND HAS APPROXIMATELY
TWO THOUSAND EIGHT HUNDRED FOUR
SQUARE FEET IN SIZE.
THE BLOCK COMPRISES EIGHTEEN
THOUSAND SEVEN HUNDRED THIRTY
SQUARE FEET AND AREA THE
SUBJECT PROPERTY FRONTS ALONG
HILL STREET, AVON ROAD AND
STRATFORD DRIVE.
THE PROPERTY IS THREE FRONT
YARDS AND ONE SIDE YARD.
THE PROPERTY DOES NOT HAVE A
REAR YARD BASED ON ZONING
DEFINITIONS FOR YARDS THE FENCE
IS TO BE IS PROJECTED TO BE
EIGHT FEET TALL, ONE HUNDRED
PERCENT OPAQUE ALONG THE HILL
STREET SIDE OF THE PROPERTY A
SMALL PORTION OF AVON ROAD THE
APPLICANT HAS REQUESTED TO
CONSTRUCT A PRIVACY FENCE THAT
WILL EXCEED THE ALLOWABLE
HEIGHT REQUIREMENT BY FOUR FEET
AND THE OPACITY MAXIMUM BY 50
PERCENT.
THE FENCE ADJACENT TO THE
NEIGHBORS TO THE EAST IS
PROPOSED TO BE SIX FEET TALL
AND ONE HUNDRED PERCENT WILL
TAKE THAT SECTION WILL REQUIRE
A TWO FOOT HEIGHT AND 50
PERCENT CAPACITY VARIANCE IF
YOU TURN YOUR ATTENTION TO THE
SCREEN YOU SEE THE SUBJECT
PROPERTY HIGHLIGHTED AND BLUE
AT THE CENTER OF YOUR SCREEN
THE STRATFORD DRIVE, AVON AND
HILL RIGHT HERE.
>> THE NEXT SLIDE IS THE AREA
MAP SHOWING THE SURROUNDING
PROPERTIES IN EXISTING
CONDITION AND THE NEXT SLIDE IS
THE ZOOMED IN AREA WHILE
RUNNING THE HOUSE LIKE I SAID
IS RUNNING ALONG STRATFORD.
YEAH AVON RIGHT HERE AND IT
JOINS IN WITH HILL STREET AND
SO THEY LIKE I SAY IN THE STAFF
REPORT, THEY DON'T HAVE A REAR
YARD BECAUSE ANY YARD THAT RUNS
A LOT OF PUBLIC RIGHT AWAY IS
CONSIDERED A FRONT YARD MAIN
HARBOR.
SO THEY HAVE ALL THIS AS FRONT
YARD AND THEN THIS IS MORE
FRONT YARD AND THEN THIS WOULD
BE THEIR SITE
.
>> THIS IS THE SURVEY THAT WAS
SUBMITTED WITH THE APPLICATION
OF THE PROPERTY.
THIS IS THE SITE PLAN SHOWING
OF THE OF THE PROPERTY EXISTING
CONDITIONS AND THIS IS THE
PROPOSED FENCE YOU SEE PROPOSED
SIX FOOT FENCE ALONG HIS
PROPERTY LINE WHICH THEY CALL
THE SIDE YARD USING QUOTATIONS
MUCH OF IT IS THE FRONT BECAUSE
IT'S BASED ON THE POSITION
OF THE HOUSE.
BUT THIS FENCE THIS OLD BLUE
LINE RIGHT HERE DEPICTS THE SIX
WHAT TALL FENCE 100 PERCENT ONE
HERE AND THEN AN EIGHT FOOT
FENCE ALONG THIS SECTION OF THE
YARD INTO THE CONNECTING INTO
THE DRIVEWAY IN THE HOUSE OR
THE GARAGE.
THAT MAKES SENSE TO EVERYBODY.
YEAH, OK.
THIS IS A ELEVATION OF WHAT THE
PRIVACY FENCE WILL LOOK LIKE.
IT'S MADE BY THE APPLICANT IF
YOU TAKE IT TALL SIX FOOT
PANELS, BACKYARD FENCE ONE
HUNDRED PERCENT CAPACITY WITH
SIX BY SIX POSTS
.
>> I LOVE TEAMS.
THESE ARE THE PHOTOS I TOOK IN
MY INSPECTION.
YOU SEE THE FRONT OF THE HOUSE
THAT'S FACING STRAPPER RIGHT.
>> AND THE CIRCULAR DRIVEWAY
.
>> THIS IS LOOKING DOWN THE
SIDEWALK TOWARDS AVON ROAD AND
THE CONNECTION OF HILL STREET
AND YOU SEE THE THE STATES THE
PROPERTY MARKERS SURVEY STATES
LOOKING ALONG AVON THE
CONNECTION THE HILL DRIVEWAY
MOST THEY SAY YOU SEE THE
EXISTING VEGETATION DURING
CONDITIONS.
THIS IS LOOKING UP THE DRIVEWAY
TO THE OUTSIDE ELEVATION OF THE
HOME.
I AM STANDING AT THE CORNER
OF AVON HILL WITH MY BACK TO
THE STREET LOOKING AT THE
BACKYARD.
THE PROPERTY GIVES YOU A GOOD
PERSPECTIVE.
I'M ON THE SIDEWALK AREA AND
WHAT THE YARD LOOKS LIKE THE
EXISTING CONDITIONS MORE OF THE
SAME.
YOU SEE THE INTERSECTION BE AND
THAT'S LOOKING AT THE PROPERTY
,THE GARAGE OR THE DRIVEWAY IN
THE GARAGE AND IN THE BACKYARD
LOOKING DOWN TOWARDS HILL
STREET CAN YOU SEE THE
NEIGHBORING PROPERTY ACROSS THE
STREET?
>> THIS IS THE FENCE LINE
THAT'S EXISTING BETWEEN THE
SUBJECT PROPERTY AND THE
NEIGHBORING PROPERTY AND THIS
IS THE SIX FOOT TALL FENCE IS
PROPOSED TO BE THESE ARE PHOTOS
THAT WERE SUBMITTED BY THE
APPLICANT AND SHOWS WHAT IT
LOOKS LIKE IN THE SUMMERTIME
WITH VEGETATION MAINLY WITH
OBVIOUSLY IN THE WINTERTIME
SPOILAGE GIVES YOU A
PERSPECTIVE OF WHAT IT LOOKS
LIKE DURING THE SUMMERTIME THE
FENCE WILL BE BEHIND THIS
SCREEN AND I'M GOING TO LET THE
APPLICANT DISCUSS THESE ARE
THERE SLIDES SO THAT'S THE END
OF MY PRESENTATION AND I WILL
TAKE ANY QUESTIONS THAT YOU MAY
HAVE JUST DONE.
>> THANKS.
JUST WHAT HEIGHT REQUIREMENT
LIKE AN AMBUSH WILL BE VERY
NICE.
SO THERE'S TWO SETS OF FENCES
HEIGHTS FOR RESIDENTIAL WITH A
ZONING PERMIT YOU CAN HAVE A
SEVEN FOOT TALL THAT'S IF YOU
OBTAIN A BUILDING PERMIT YOU
CAN GET AN EIGHT FOOTBALL FENCE
MAXIMUM HEIGHT.
ANY SENSE OF THE STATE
OF MICHIGAN REQUIRES PART
OF THE STATE MACHINE.
BELENKO OVER SEVEN PEOPLE PART
OF THE BUILDING FROM THAT
BECAUSE AT THAT POINT YOU HAVE
TO 4200 PUDDING'S YES, IT WAS
ONE OF TO EXCEED THE FOUR
FOREFOOT MAXIMUM HEIGHT
OVERSIDE FOR 60 AND 80 PERCENT
CAPACITY AND EIGHT FEET ON THE
STREET.
YES, SIR.
OK.
YEP.
THANK YOU.
THE QUESTIONS FOR JOHN.
>> ALL RIGHT.
YOU WANT TO STATE YOUR NAME FOR
THE YEAH.
BRANDENBERG BERTRAN.
SO I APPRECIATE YOU GUYS TAKING
THE TIME TO TALK TO ME THIS
EVENING ESSENTIALLY.
OBVIOUSLY AS JOHN MENTIONED, WE
HAVE NO FRONT AH THERE'S NO
REAR GUARD SO IT'S BASICALLY
IT'S IMPOSSIBLE TO BUILD A
FENCE.
THE PURPOSE GENERALLY OF THESE
EBAS IS OBVIOUSLY TO FIGURE OUT
AND YOU KNOW HOW PERMITTED USE
STRUCTURE SUCH AS HAVING A
FENCE CAN BE USED BY HOMEOWNERS
IN WAYS THAT'S NOT COMPLIANT.
SO FOR EXAMPLE, MOST PEOPLE ARE
ALLOWED TO HAVE BACKYARD FENCES
THIS NEIGHBORHOOD IN THE WAY
THAT THE ORDINANCE IS RUN OR
THIS PROPERTY CANNOT.
SO WE'RE HERE TO FIGURE OUT HOW
WE CAN ACHIEVE WHAT EVERYONE
ELSE CAN DO, WHICH IS A PERMIT
PERMITTED NEW STRUCTURE THE
WITH THE WAY THAT THE
ORDINANCES ARE AND AND SO WE'RE
TRYING TO FIGURE THAT OUT
OBVIOUSLY WITH YOUR GUIDANCE.
SO COUPLE OF THINGS TO POINT
OUT.
YOU KNOW, IN THE NATURE OF THE
ORDINANCE, YOU KNOW THESE
ORDINANCES TO PRETTY MUCH
THROUGHOUT THE STATE WHEN THEY
VIEW THESE FRONT YARDS AS
MULTIPLE FRONT YARDS, IT'S TO
PRESERVE THE NEIGHBORHOOD.
IT'S FOR A LOT OF TIMES RIGHT
AWAY FOR ROADS TO MAKE SURE
THERE'S NO OBSTRUCTIONS.
SO IT'S IMPORTANT TO MAKE SURE
THAT, YOU KNOW, THE ESTHETIC IS
MAINTAINED, WHICH IS WHY THEY
WRITE OUT THAT THERE'S ANYTIME
THERE'S A STREET RACING ANY
PART OF THE HOME THAT'S FACING
THE FRONT YARD SO I THINK THAT
THE BANKS ARE EXTRAORDINARY
CIRCUMSTANCES IN THIS CASE OR
THAT IT IS HEAVILY WOODED
OBVIOUSLY IN SOME OF THESE
PICTURES HERE.
YOU KNOW, THERE'S FOLIAGE
THAT'S LOST DURING THE WINTER
BUT IT IS SOMETHING THAT THE
VIEWS OBSTRUCTED AS IT BY
NATURAL FOLIAGE.
SO I DON'T THINK THAT THERE'S
ANY FURTHER HINDRANCE FROM THAT
AND I THINK THERE WOULD BE
GRANTED TO APPLICANTS BASICALLY
THE SAME SUBSTANTIAL JUSTICE
THAT ANY OTHER PROPERTY OWNER
WOULD HAVE IF THEY DIDN'T HAVE
THREE FRONT YARDS.
I THINK IT MEETS OUR CRITERIA
THAT THE BOARD SEATS FROM
SUBSTANTIAL JUSTICE,
EXTRAORDINARY CIRCUMSTANCES.
IT'S NOT GOING TO CAUSE ANY
ISSUE WITH THE NEIGHBORS.
IN FACT, ALL OF THE NEIGHBORS
HAVE SUPPORTED IT.
SO BECAUSE I YOU KNOW, WE'VE
MET ALL FOUR CRITERIA, I'D ASK
THE BOARD TO APPROVE THE
REQUEST FOR THE VARIANCE.
THANK YOU, CHRISTINE.
YEAH, WHAT ARE THE PRACTICAL
DIFFICULTIES FOR THE FENCE ON
THE SIDE?
WHAT I SEE A STATEMENT HERE
REGARDING THE FENCE FACING HILL
THAT'S BEYOND BEHIND SOME
LANDSCAPE.
SO IT'S IT'S STREET SOMEONE
LANDSCAPE AND THEN A FENCE.
THE PRACTICAL DIFFICULTIES
REALLY UNIQUE THE SHAPE OF A
LOT.
SO BECAUSE IT'S ANGLED YOU'RE
STILL GETTING A LOT AND WE HAD
A SOUND ENGINEER COME OUT AND
MEASURE IT TO DO A BUNCH
OF TESTS AND EVERYTHING BUT
DRILLING THE ANGLE A LOT WELL
AT THE LAST POSITION ON THAT
CORNER BECAUSE IT'S STILL
ABSORBING A TON OF SOUND FROM
THE ROAD AND REALLY THE INTENT
OF THIS IS TO TRY TO BLOCK OUT
SOME.
BUT IF YOU LOOKED AT THAT VIEW
THAT'S REALLY THE MAIN ISSUE IS
THE ANGLE ON A LOT OF THE
VARIANCE WOULD EXTEND THE
ENTIRE LOT WITH FROM HILL TO
ABRAN THE THE VARIANCE WOULD
ALLOW TO BUILD A FENCE AND WHAT
FOR ALL PRACTICAL PURPOSES IS A
BACKYARD AND I UNDERSTAND THE
ZONING ORDINANCE VIEWS IT
DIFFERENTLY BUT IT IS A
BACKYARD AND WHEN YOU SEE THESE
PICTURES THIS IS WHAT YOU SEE.
>> SO AGAIN, I UNDERSTAND THE
DIFFERENCE IN DEFINITION VERSUS
WHAT'S HERE BUT I'D ASK THE
BOARD TO LOOK AT IT AND
PRACTICAL MATTERS.
OH THAT HAS TO DO WITH
INCLUSION.
>> WOULD YOU CONSIDER I KNOW
THAT THE FOLIAGE IS THERE
ALREADY IS SCREENING NOT IN THE
WINTER BUT HAVE YOU CONSIDERED
EVERGREEN?
YEAH, I THINK IT'S WHICH WOULD
PROVIDE YOU THAT SCREENING IN
BEING COMPLIANT WITH THE
INTENDED USE SO SO YOU ARE
GOING TO DO THE PROVIDING RFID
AS WELL.
THE PROBLEM IS NOT PROVIDING AS
PER THE SOUND ENGINEER THAT WE
RETAIN IS NOT GOING TO BE LIKE
THERE'S NOT REALLY AN R VALUE
FACTOR FOR THE DUSTBOWL OR SO
THE SOUND.
SO IT'S NOT TO ACHIEVE THE GOAL
OF REDUCING THE SOUND BUT WE
WOULD HAVE RFID AND THAT WOULD
PROVIDE PERMANENT FOLIAGE AS
WELL MR WHILE RIGHT.
YEAH.
HOW LONG HAVE YOU BEEN IN THE
HOLE.
I'M ACTUALLY I'M NOT TONY I'M
BRANDON I'M HERE ON HIS BEHALF.
OH IS HE.
BUT HE'S CALLED TONY IF YOU CAN
HEAR HOW LONG HAVE YOU BEEN IN
THE HOME TONY WHILE YOU'RE JOE
JUST BARELY BY BY THANK YOU.
THANK YOU SIR.
SO IT SOUNDS LIKE YOU'VE HAD
SOME SOUNDS THAT HE'S DONE YOU
YEAH.
SO WHAT YOU'RE SAYING IS IT'S
NOT THAT YOU WANT TO SOUND
BARRIER BECAUSE IN FACT I SPOKE
ABOUT IMPETUS THAT I FINISHED
MY QUESTION SIR YOU'RE SAYING
IT'S A SOUND BARRIER.
WHAT YOU'RE MAINTAINING IS THAT
A FOUR FOOT OPAQUE FENCE
WOULDN'T BE ANYWHERE NEAR THE
AMOUNT OF SIDE SOUND ISOLATION
THAT EIGHT FOOT FENCE WOULD
PROVIDE CORRECT.
>> DO YOU HAVE ANY DATA TO BACK
THAT UP?
WE DO.
>> I BELIEVE WE'VE NOT SEEN IT.
WE ESTIMATE OF THAT.
YOU ALSO SAY THAT NEIGHBORS
HAVE
SENT THEIR SUPPORT.
YOU SEEN THE LETTERS SO THEY
WERE ALSO MET HERE.
YEAH.
EVERYONE OK.
>> I CAN SEE UM YOU KNOW AGAIN
WE'RE ASKING THAT YOU HERE
THAT'S WHAT IT IS.
>> IT'S A BACKYARD.
I UNDERSTAND THAT'S NOT MY
PROBLEM.
THE PROBLEM I HAVE IS AN EIGHT
FOOT OPAQUE FENCE IS UGLY.
PEOPLE WON'T SEE IT BECAUSE
YOU'RE BURNING UP THE BIG
BUSHES TO PROVIDE A VISUAL AND
THE ONLY ASSERTION YOU REALLY
HAVE ABOUT NOISE WHICH IS
CORRECT THAT HILL STREET CAN BE
NOISY DURING RUSH HOUR
PARTICULARLY THE END OF THE DAY
FOR YOU THAT BUT I DON'T THIS
IS AN EXTREMELY NICE
NEIGHBORHOOD.
IT HAS WINDOWS INCREDIBLE IF
SOMEBODY TO SHOOT FIRECRACKER
IF WE WERE YOU HEAR THEM I'M
JUST NOT CONVINCED THERE'S AN
ESSENTIAL NOISE PROBLEM THAT
REQUIRES INSTALLATION OF AN
EIGHT FOOT UGLY FENCE.
I SAY BECAUSE I HAVE AN EIGHT
FOOT FENCE AND YOU NEED TO
CONVINCE ME THAT SOMEHOW IT IS
GOING TO DO IT.
WE'RE FOUR FOOT WOODEN AND THAT
DOESN'T EVEN COUNT THE FACT
THAT IT WOULD BE OF FOR OPAQUE
FENCE.
>> WELL, THE EIGHT FOOT FENCE
AGAINST SEVERAL NEIGHBORS IN
THE IMMEDIATE AREA HAD THE SAME
SIZE BUT IT DOESN'T MATTER WHAT
THE NEIGHBORS DO.
WHAT YOU'RE TELLING ME IS THAT
YOU'RE THE HOMEOWNER NEEDS FEE
FOR A NOISE LIKE CARAX THAT'S
NOT MY THAT'S FROM THE
ENGINEER, SIR.
I UNDERSTAND IT'S NOT YOUR I'M
JUST SAYING YOU THE BURDEN
OF CONVINCING TO YOU THAT WE
UNITED FROM A SOUND ENGINEER SO
IF YOU DIDN'T REVIEW THAT OR
WASN'T PROVIDED FOR YOU SAY I
APOLOGIZE BUT WE DIDN'T LET THE
DATA.
YEAH.
YOU'VE GOT A BIG VISUAL.
THERE'S NO DOUBT YOU HAVE A BIG
VISUAL BARRIER.
WHAT'S ALL THESE TREES?
>> ALL THOSE BUSHES?
WE CAN DEFINITELY DO IT BUT YOU
KNOW, ABADAZAD LIKE IF THE
HAWKS MIND I HAD A CONDITIONAL
APPROVAL BASED ON EVERGREEN
WHICH ARE OBVIOUSLY GOING TO
HAVE THEIR FOLIAGE AROUND.
I THINK THAT ACHIEVES I DON'T
THINK THERE'S YOU WORRY ABOUT
NOT BEING ABLE TO PLANT A TREE.
>> NO, I KNOW I WAS SAYING
CONDITIONAL APPROVAL BECAUSE
THERE ISN'T A LAW AGAINST BEING
ABLE TO PLANT TREES.
RIGHT.
THAT'S WHAT I WAS I WAS WE'RE
TRYING TO WORK WITH YOU HERE.
I JUST HAD A QUESTION SORT
OF FOR AN OBSERVATION SO
THERE'S NO SIDEWALK ON THAT
HILL STREET.
THE SIDEWALK JUST DIES AT THE
DRIVEWAY.
RIGHT.
SO IT'S A NEAT LIGHT AND THAT
THAT AFFORDS YOU THE ABILITY
THE OWNER TO PLANT TREES
BECAUSE THERE'S PROBABLY A STEP
BACK ACTUALLY FOR ADDITIONAL
WOINARSKI.
YEAH, NO, I'M JUST AS A SOUND
BUFFER CLOSER TO THE CURB
BECAUSE THERE IS NO SIDEWALK
THERE.
WHAT OTHERS THINK ABOUT THAT?
YEAH, WE'LL SAVE THAT FOR THE
DEBATE.
RIGHT.
WE'RE NOT WE'RE ACTUALLY YEAH
THAT'S TRUE SO RIGHT.
NO.
>> HEY ARE THERE ANY OTHER
QUESTIONS FOR THE PETITIONER.
RIGHT.
THINK THERE'S ANYONE FROM THE
PUBLIC WHO WISHES TO SPEAK.
YES PLEASE COME FORWARD STATE
YOUR NAME FOR THE RECORD SIGNED
YOU WANT TO SAY YES YOU'LL HAVE
THREE MINUTES.
I'M GEMMA THORNBURG AND I'M A
NEIGHBOR AND I HAVE NOT CENTRAL
LETTERS SO I'M HERE IN PERSON.
I'M A 500 PERSON PLACE WHICH IS
AROUND THE CORNER AND I WALK OR
DRIVE PAST THIS AREA DAILY AND
I THINK AN EIGHT FOOT FENCE
WOULD BE REALLY UGLY AND
TOTALLY OUT OF CHARACTER WITH
THIS NEIGHBORHOOD.
OH GO WITH THE PRESIDENT AND
HIS WORK AS I HAVE SAID.
BUT THERE ARE OTHER NEIGHBORS
THAT HAVE SUCH FENCES.
THE ONLY EXAMPLE I CAN THINK
OF IS THAT PRESIDENT OVER BY
HILL I'VE GOT A DOG AND HE'S
PUT IT IN HIS BACKYARD WITHIN
THE LAST SIX MONTHS AND IT IS
HORRENDOUSLY UGLY AND AND
TOTALLY OUT OF CHARACTER WITH
OUR NEIGHBORHOOD AND SO I WOULD
SAY THE VAST MAJORITY OF PEOPLE
IN THIS NEIGHBORHOOD DO NOT
HAVE FENCES ARE ALSO HAPPY WITH
LOVED ONES AND IT'S A BIG PART
OF THE BEAUTY OF THIS
NEIGHBORHOOD THAT PEOPLE SHARE
OF GREENERY.
AND SO I WOULD BE VERY
DISAPPOINTED TO SEE THIS FENCE
GO IN.
I DO LIKE THE IDEA
OF EVERGREEN'S TO GIVE THEM
MORE PRIVACY BECAUSE SIX MONTHS
OUT OF THE YEAR THEY DO NOT
HAVE THAT PORCH TO GIVE THEM
PRIVACY.
IT'S JUST AS YOU SAW IN THE
PICTURES SO THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
SO ANYONE ELSE HERE THAT WISHES
TO SPEAK ON THIS PETITION LIKE
THERE'S ANYONE REMOTELY THAT
WOULD LIKE NOW'S YOUR CHANCE TO
START YOUR HAND.
THERE ARE NO CALLERS.
THANK YOU COURTNEY.
I WILL NOTE WE DID RECEIVE
LETTERS OF SUPPORT FROM AT
LEAST FIVE OF THE NEIGHBORS
JEREMY HOBSON, JEREMY NELSON,
ROBERT GILMAN, WILLIAM CHRISTY
.
THEY WERE IN THE SAID THEY WERE
DARIANS ON AT LEAST SO GOOD
SUPPORT FROM ME.
YES, THERE ARE FIVE THAT I
FOUND LETTERS OF SUPPORT FROM
NEIGHBORS.
SO WITH THAT SAID, THE PUBLIC
IS CLOSED AND WOULD LIKE TO
HAVE A CHRISTMAS.
OH NO.
IT'S JUST THIS STRETCH HILLS
TWENTY 25 MILES AN HOUR.
RIGHT THE SPEED LIMIT I THINK
SO.
I BELIEVE SO YEAH I'M PRETTY
SURE RIGHT.
I HAVE A BIT MORE SYMPATHY IF
THIS WERE WASHTENAW OR A FASTER
THOROUGHFARE TO ME I THINK IT'S
I'M NOT HEARING A LOT
OF COMPELLING NEED FOR
UNIQUENESS.
HILL RUNS A LONG WAY.
THERE'S A LOT OF HOUSES UP AND
DOWN HILL THAT I'M GUESSING ARE
IN SIMILAR BOATS THAT BUT UP
AGAINST THE SIDE STREETS COMING
INTO IT AND EIGHT FEET TO ME IT
WOULD BE LIKE DRIVING MAKE IT
SEEM LIKE A COMPOUND TO ME IF
I'M DRIVING BY IT.
THAT'S NOT THE VIBE OF THE
NEIGHBORHOOD SO I'M GOING TO BE
VOTING AGAINST THIS.
YEAH I I UNDERSTAND MOST OF THE
CRITERIA BUT I DEFINITELY CAN
SEE THIS IS ISN'T REALLY
CHALLENGING ONE THE THING THAT
I'M NOT REALLY CONVINCED OF IS
THAT THIS IS THE MINIMUM
VARIANCE NECESSARY.
THAT'S THE CRITERIA THAT KIND
OF STUFF AND I DON'T KNOW IF
YOU KNOW STUFF FROM THE SOUND
ENGINEER MIGHT MAKE A
DIFFERENCE.
I DON'T KNOW PEOPLE WANT TO
CONSIDER MAYBE POSTPONING IT
UNTIL WE HAVE THAT IN FRONT
OF US THAT THAT MIGHT CONVINCE
PEOPLE THAT THIS IS THE MINIMUM
NECESSARY.
BUT THAT'S IT SINCE I'M NOT I
STUCK ON THAT CRITERIA I SAID
AS IS I DON'T BELIEVE THIS BUT
THIS IS SOME QUESTIONS ABOUT
WHY DO YOU CONSIDER YOURSELF A
CORNER TO UNDERSTAND THE
CHALLENGE WITH NOT RULE OUT ANY
BACKYARD AND HAVING A SOMEWHAT
DEFINE IT YOURSELF.
BUT I'M WORRIED ABOUT THE
HEIGHT OF THE FENCE, THE
OPACITY AND THE ABILITY TO SEE
PEOPLE THAT ARE WALKING OR
RIDING YOUR BIKE ALONG THAT
CORNER.
I WONDERED STAFF HAS ANY
PERSPECTIVE ON THAT YOU GET
WHAT AS FAR AS BLOCK VISION.
YEAH, I MEAN THAT'S JUST NOT
VERY HIGH ON A QUARTER WHERE
THERE'S PEOPLE DRIVING, BIKING,
WALKING OTHERS ON THE SIDEWALK
BUT PEOPLE PRESUMABLY WALK IN
THE NEIGHBORHOOD FOR SURE IT
SEEMS LIKE IT WOULD BE HARD TO
SEE AROUND THE CORNER IT'S SUCH
A HIGH FENCE WITH NO BUT THE
FENCE IS BEHIND IT AND I
LEARNED TO TAKE YOU BACK HERE.
OK, OK.
YEAH YEAH.
>> KEEP TALKING DAVE DID YOU UM
I CAN BE BUT I DO WANT TO SAY
SOMETHING UM SO TWO THINGS
TAKING UP ON MIKE'S COMMENT
THAT IT IS A FAIRLY SLOW SPEED
A LITTLE BIT LONGER.
I ALSO WANT TO KNOW THAT IT'S
ALSO A REGULAR SPOT THAT POLICE
POST UP TO GET STOP SIGN
ROLLER'S THEY'RE KILLING SO I'D
MAKE SURE I ALWAYS STOP AT THAT
STOP SIGN TO A FULL STOP AND I
COMMUNICATE PEOPLE THAT ARE
FAMILIAR WITH THAT ARE ALSO
PRETTY AWARE THAT THEY MIGHT
GET PULLED OVER FOR VIOLATING
SPEED LIMITS AND DEFINITELY ON
GETTING I'VE SEEN PEOPLE PULL
OVER AND GATTI'S IS JUST AROUND
THE CORNER FROM HERE FOR SPEED
IN VIOLATION.
SO ANYBODY THAT'S DRIVING
THROUGH HERE IS AWARE TO KEEP
THEIR SPEED DOWN, STOP AT THE
STOP SIGNS AND OTHERWISE
THEY'RE BOOSTING THE CITY'S
REVENUE.
>> THE I I DO WALK AND DRIVE IN
THIS NEIGHBORHOOD AND I HAVE TO
SAY WITH THE PERSON I SPOKE TO
THERE AREN'T A LOT THESE BIG
EIGHT FOOT SIGNS IN FRONT
OF HOUSES AND THAT'S ONE OF THE
BEAUTIFUL THINGS ABOUT THIS
NEIGHBORHOOD AND I FIND IT
REALLY DISRUPTIVE TO THE
CHARACTER OF THE NEIGHBORHOOD
AND TO TOTALLY COUNTER TO WHY
PEOPLE CHOOSE TO LIVE THERE,
WHY PEOPLE CHOOSE TO WALK THERE
AS I DO AND I WILL BE VOTING
AGAINST YEAH.
JUST PICKING UP ON MY COMMENT
DURING THAT QUESTION PART
OF THE PRESENTATION.
SO I WAS JUST THINKING THERE'S
NO SIDEWALK.
IT'S ACTUALLY A VERY UNIQUE
LIVE RIGHT.
SO IT ALLOWS THE HOMEOWNER A
LITTLE BIT MORE AREA TO PLANT
ADDITIONAL VEGETATION THAT'S MY
TAKE ON THAT CORNER A LOT SO IT
JUST GIVES THEM ANOTHER
OPPORTUNITY AND IT DOES SEEM
DENSE WHAT THEY HAD EXISTING IN
TERMS OF THE VEGETATION.
UM, AND I'M A HUGE ADVOCATE FOR
MAINTAINING THE CHARACTER
OF THE NEIGHBORHOOD FROM THE
NEIGHBORHOOD.
SURE.
BUT
DAVE HAD JUST SHARED IN
OTHERS THAT IT WOULD JUST BE AN
EYESORE AS YOU'RE GOING
DOWNHILL TOWARDS KDAF AND IT
JUST WOULDN'T BE IN CHARACTER
FOR THE REST OF THE UNIQUE
NEIGHBORHOOD.
SO I'M DEFINITELY NOT IN
SUPPORT OF THIS.
AND JOHN, I HAVE A COUPLE
OF QUESTIONS.
OK, SO WHAT IS THE REQUIRED
FRONT SET BACK TO COME?
I DIDN'T SEE IT SHOWN ON THE
DRAWINGS FROM
THE
DISTRICT
CALLS FOR A 30 FOOT FRONT SET
BACK WHICH WHICH SET BACK ARE
YOU CONCERNED ABOUT THE FRONT.
THE FRONT YEAH.
ANY OF THE MAY NOT BE THE SAME
RIGHT?
NOPE.
SO ALONG HERE I WANT EVER SINCE
THERE'S NO OTHER HOMES TO
AVERAGE IT ON THE SIDE OF THE
STREET IT WOULD BE THE DISTRICT
AVERAGE OF THIRTY PEOPLE WHICH
IT'S PROBABLY REALLY CLOSE IN
ALONG HERE IT'S FORTY AS FAR AS
THE FENCE GOES IT'S WITHIN THE
SET THAT YOU CAN'T BE ABOUT
IT'S AS LONG AS IT'S IN THE
FRONT YARD AND THAT'S OUR
BACKYARD WHICH I WISH THAT THEY
PUT IN THE GARAGE STILL BE
ANYWHERE BETWEEN THE BACK
ELEVATION OF THE HOME AND
TOWARDS THE FRONT PROPERTY
LINE.
THEY CAN ONLY BE FOUR FEET TALL
TO KEEP SOMETHING.
I THINK I WILL SAY THE START
OF THE S REPORT WAS IT WAS
EMAILED TO ME IT WASN'T IN MY
ENERCO AND SO I APOLOGIZE FOR
THAT.
BUT NORMALLY THESE THINGS ARE
UPLOADED AND I GET A MILLION
EMAILS A DAY SO IF YOU WANT I
CAN READ A LITTLE BIT OF IT.
IT'S A NINE PAGE REPORT BUT I
DON'T THINK IT'S GOING TO MAKE
ANY DIFFERENCE.
I JUST WANT IS THERE A SUMMARY
PART OF THE PART ANALYSIS
SUMMARY FINDINGS.
I MEAN UNLESS YOU READ THE
WHOLE REPORT I DON'T THINK YOU
SHOULD BE PICKING AND CHOOSING
THE SUMMARY.
IT'S NOT GOING TO MAKE A
DIFFERENCE IN YOU KNOW, MAYBE
MAYBE THIS SHORT CIRCUIT YOUR
JOB WILL ALSO BE VOTING AGAINST
US IN MY OPINION THIS IS THE
NICEST NEIGHBORHOOD IN THE CITY
YOU'VE BEEN HERE KNOW IT'S
GOING TO HAVE TO TRY A DAY.
>> IT DOESN'T COME CLOSE TO
MEETING SOME OF THE CRITERIA.
I'LL NOTE THAT NO TWO PRACTICAL
DIFFICULTY, A LITTLE BIT
OF NOISE OF CARS ZIPPING 25 AND
30 MILES AN HOUR ON HILL STREET
RUSH HOUR IS MY OPINION MERE
INCONVENIENCE AND NUMBER THREE
THE RIGHTS OF OTHERS IN THE
NEIGHBORHOOD.
THIS IS REALLY AN ELEGANT
IT'S GREEN.
NEIGHBORHOOD.
THE PROPERTIES TEND TO BE
IT'S GREEN.
IMMACULATE AND EVEN PROPERTIES
THE PROPERTIES TEND TO BE
THAT ARE IMMACULATE GET
IMMACULATE AND EVEN PROPERTIES
WHACKED.
THAT ARE IMMACULATE GET
THEY BUILT SOMETHING EVEN MORE
WHACKED.
EVEN BIGGER AND BETTER THAN IT
THEY BUILT SOMETHING EVEN MORE
WAS BEFORE SO THEY CAN BUILD A
EVEN BIGGER AND BETTER THAN IT
FOUR FOOT FIFTY PERCENT OPAQUE
WAS BEFORE SO THEY CAN BUILD A
FENCE IF THEY WANT IS THEY
FOUR FOOT FIFTY PERCENT OPAQUE
OBVIOUSLY HAVE KIDS BECAUSE
FENCE IF THEY WANT IS THEY
OF THE EQUIPMENT IN THE
OBVIOUSLY HAVE KIDS BECAUSE
BACKGROUND.
OF THE EQUIPMENT IN THE
THERE'S NO INDICATION ABOUT
BACKGROUND.
SAFETY.
THERE'S NO INDICATION ABOUT
I JUST DON'T SEE IT AS BEING A
SAFETY.
PROBLEM.
I JUST DON'T SEE IT AS BEING A
I WOULD ALSO SOMEWHAT RELEVANT
PROBLEM.
ECHOED THAT THE MOST NOTORIOUS
I WOULD ALSO SOMEWHAT RELEVANT
SPEED TRAP IN THE CITY IS
ECHOED THAT THE MOST NOTORIOUS
DESPLECHIN OR JEDIS WHERE IT
SPEED TRAP IN THE CITY IS
GOES FROM 25 TO 30 AND THE 25.
DESPLECHIN OR JEDIS WHERE IT
I'D LIKE TO KNOW HOW MANY TAKE
GOES FROM 25 TO 30 AND THE 25.
TO THE CITY AND WHO'S WRITTEN
I'D LIKE TO KNOW HOW MANY TAKE
AND IT'S DOWNHILL SO YOU COST
TO THE CITY AND WHO'S WRITTEN
YEAH IT REALLY IS STUNNING.
AND IT'S DOWNHILL SO YOU COST
THIS IS DUMB I GUESS IN PUTTING
YEAH IT REALLY IS STUNNING.
THE CITY IN THE MIDDLE OF IT
THIS IS DUMB I GUESS IN PUTTING
HERE.
THE CITY IN THE MIDDLE OF IT
THE OTHER ONE IS REALLY
HERE.
DISGUSTING IS ZIPPING DOWN
THE OTHER ONE IS REALLY
PLIMOTH TO DOWNTOWN.
DISGUSTING IS ZIPPING DOWN
THERE'S A WHOLE STRETCH WITH NO
PLIMOTH TO DOWNTOWN.
DRIVEWAYS OR ANYTHING THAT'S
THERE'S A WHOLE STRETCH WITH NO
THIRTY FIVE PEOPLE GO FORTY
DRIVEWAYS OR ANYTHING THAT'S
FIVE ALL THE MAYBE THIRTY THAT
THIRTY FIVE PEOPLE GO FORTY
ALSO IS WAY UP OR DOWN BUT IT
FIVE ALL THE MAYBE THIRTY THAT
PROVIDES REVENUE FOR THE CITY
ALSO IS WAY UP OR DOWN BUT IT
SO I UNDERSTAND YOU JUST HAVE
PROVIDES REVENUE FOR THE CITY
TO LISTEN I DON'T WHEN I WRITE
SO I UNDERSTAND YOU JUST HAVE
THESE THINGS I'M THINKING THIS
TO LISTEN I DON'T WHEN I WRITE
IS JUST ABSURD.
THESE THINGS I'M THINKING THIS
I REALIZE IT HAS NOTHING TO DO
IS JUST ABSURD.
WITH WHAT WE'RE TALKING ABOUT
I REALIZE IT HAS NOTHING TO DO
AND I'M NOT GOING TO BE VOTING
WITH WHAT WE'RE TALKING ABOUT
FOR YOU.
AND I'M NOT GOING TO BE VOTING
YOU WANT TO GO ON RECORD AS
FOR YOU.
SAYING I BELIEVE IN SLOW SPEED
YOU WANT TO GO ON RECORD AS
LIMITS TO EARTH PEOPLE DON'T
SAYING I BELIEVE IN SLOW SPEED
GET SERIOUSLY INJURED.
LIMITS TO EARTH PEOPLE DON'T
WE'VE BEEN DROPPING DEAD OF
GET SERIOUSLY INJURED.
EVER INCREASING YOU THEN CHANGE
WE'VE BEEN DROPPING DEAD OF
OR DROP IT THAT SOMEONE'S PART
EVER INCREASING YOU THEN CHANGE
THAT'S NOT EXACTLY THE SAME.
OR DROP IT THAT SOMEONE'S PART
THE THING TO OK, I'M READY TO
THAT'S NOT EXACTLY THE SAME.
MAKE MOTION.
THE THING TO OK, I'M READY TO
THAT'S GREAT.
MAKE MOTION.
THANK YOU ZIBA TWENTY FOUR DASH
THAT'S GREAT.
ONE ZERO ZERO SIX SIX EIGHTEEN
THANK YOU ZIBA TWENTY FOUR DASH
STRETFORD DRIVE IN ACCORDANCE
ONE ZERO ZERO SIX SIX EIGHTEEN
WITH THE ESTABLISHED INTERESTS
STRETFORD DRIVE IN ACCORDANCE
FOR APPROVAL THE ZONING BOARD
WITH THE ESTABLISHED INTERESTS
OF APPEALS HEREBY GRANTS A
FOR APPROVAL THE ZONING BOARD
FOREFOOT FIFTY PERCENT CAPACITY
OF APPEALS HEREBY GRANTS A
VARIANCE FROM SECTION FIVE
FOREFOOT FIFTY PERCENT CAPACITY
POINT TO SIX POINT TO A
VARIANCE FROM SECTION FIVE
SUBSECTION A SUBSECTION ONE
POINT TO SIX POINT TO A
FENCING STANDARDS.
SUBSECTION A SUBSECTION ONE
THE VARIANCE PERMITS AN EIGHT
FENCING STANDARDS.
FOOT TALL HUNDRED PERCENT
THE VARIANCE PERMITS AN EIGHT
OF PATIENTS THE FRONT YARD LINE
FOOT TALL HUNDRED PERCENT
STRATFORD DRIVE ROAD HILL
OF PATIENTS THE FRONT YARD LINE
STREET THE FENCES TO BE
STRATFORD DRIVE ROAD HILL
CONSTRUCTED PER THE SUBMITTED
STREET THE FENCES TO BE
PLANS BY THE WAY THIS WAS
CONSTRUCTED PER THE SUBMITTED
WRITTEN IT'S NOT TALKING ABOUT
PLANS BY THE WAY THIS WAS
A SIX FOOT BUT IT'S PLANTING A
WRITTEN IT'S NOT TALKING ABOUT
GREAT VARIANCE.
A SIX FOOT BUT IT'S PLANTING A
IT WOULD COVER BOTH.
GREAT VARIANCE.
YEAH I SUPPORT MAYBE TEN TO NOT
IT WOULD COVER BOTH.
GRACE NO.
YEAH I SUPPORT MAYBE TEN TO NOT
I ALSO KNOW YOU I KNOW IT.
GRACE NO.
YOU'VE ALREADY KNOW CHRISTINA
I ALSO KNOW YOU I KNOW IT.
KNOW REQUEST IS DENIED.
YOU'VE ALREADY KNOW CHRISTINA
YES NO PETITION NO TWENTY FOUR
KNOW REQUEST IS DENIED.
ZERO ZERO ZERO SEVEN TWO ONE
YES NO PETITION NO TWENTY FOUR
ONE NINE SEVEN CHAIRMAN JOHN
ZERO ZERO ZERO SEVEN TWO ONE
ROBERT PARK REPRESENTING THE
ONE NINE SEVEN CHAIRMAN JOHN
PROPERTY OWNER IS SEEKING A
ROBERT PARK REPRESENTING THE
VARIANCE OF SEVEN POINT FIVE
PROPERTY OWNER IS SEEKING A
FEET FROM JEFFREY FIFTY FIVE
VARIANCE OF SEVEN POINT FIVE
TABLE FIVE POINT SEVENTEEN DASH
FEET FROM JEFFREY FIFTY FIVE
ONE SINGLE FAMILY RESIDENTIAL
TABLE FIVE POINT SEVENTEEN DASH
ZONING DISTRICTS.
ONE SINGLE FAMILY RESIDENTIAL
THE VARIANCE IS GRANTED TO
ZONING DISTRICTS.
ALLOW FOR A NEW AND CLOSE LAST
THE VARIANCE IS GRANTED TO
SUMMER SUNROOM ADDITIONS IN THE
ALLOW FOR A NEW AND CLOSE LAST
REAR YARD OF THE PARCEL.
SUMMER SUNROOM ADDITIONS IN THE
THE NEW ADDITION IS
REAR YARD OF THE PARCEL.
APPROXIMATELY TWENTY ONE AND A
THE NEW ADDITION IS
HALF FEET BY 16 FEET AND WILL
APPROXIMATELY TWENTY ONE AND A
BE A TOTAL OF 344 TOTAL SQUARE
HALF FEET BY 16 FEET AND WILL
FEET WHEN FINISHED THE SUNROOM
BE A TOTAL OF 344 TOTAL SQUARE
WILL BE THIRTY TWO POINT FIVE
FEET WHEN FINISHED THE SUNROOM
FEET FROM THE REAR LOT LIKE THE
WILL BE THIRTY TWO POINT FIVE
PROPERTY ZONE R-1 BE SINGLE
FEET FROM THE REAR LOT LIKE THE
FAMILY RESIDENTIAL AND REQUIRES
PROPERTY ZONE R-1 BE SINGLE
A 40 FOOT REAR GUARD SET BACK
FAMILY RESIDENTIAL AND REQUIRES
THE SUBJECT PROPERTY IS LOCATED
A 40 FOOT REAR GUARD SET BACK
ON THE NORTH SIDE OF DEVON
THE SUBJECT PROPERTY IS LOCATED
SHIRE ROAD WEST OF THE
ON THE NORTH SIDE OF DEVON
INTERSECTION OF AVON ROAD AND
SHIRE ROAD WEST OF THE
DEVON SHIRE ROAD AND ANGEL
INTERSECTION OF AVON ROAD AND
NEIGHBORHOOD.
DEVON SHIRE ROAD AND ANGEL
THE HOME WAS BUILT IN 1934 AND
NEIGHBORHOOD.
IS APPROXIMATELY 2058 SQUARE
THE HOME WAS BUILT IN 1934 AND
FEET.
IS APPROXIMATELY 2058 SQUARE
THE SIZE OF THE PARCEL IS
FEET.
TWELVE THOUSAND SIXTY SIX
THE SIZE OF THE PARCEL IS
SQUARE FEET AREA.
TWELVE THOUSAND SIXTY SIX
THE PROPOSED SUNROOM WILL BE A
SQUARE FEET AREA.
ONE STOREY UNCONDITIONED
THE PROPOSED SUNROOM WILL BE A
ENCLOSED GLASS ON THE NORTH
ONE STOREY UNCONDITIONED
SIDE OF THE SUNROOM.
ENCLOSED GLASS ON THE NORTH
ONE APPROACH ONE FOOT IN THE
SIDE OF THE SUNROOM.
REAR YARD STEP BACK AND
ONE APPROACH ONE FOOT IN THE
GRADUALLY INCREASE TO SEVEN AND
REAR YARD STEP BACK AND
A HALF FEET TOWARDS THE EAST
GRADUALLY INCREASE TO SEVEN AND
SIDE OF THE LOT NEAR THE SIDE
A HALF FEET TOWARDS THE EAST
YARD A PORTION OF THE BRICK
SIDE OF THE LOT NEAR THE SIDE
PAPER PATIO WILL BE REMOVED.
YARD A PORTION OF THE BRICK
THE REAR YARD HAS A PRIVACY
PAPER PATIO WILL BE REMOVED.
FENCE ALONG THE FLAT LINE.
THE REAR YARD HAS A PRIVACY
IF YOU'LL TURN YOUR ATTENTION
FENCE ALONG THE FLAT LINE.
TO THE SCREEN YOU'LL SEE THE
IF YOU'LL TURN YOUR ATTENTION
ZONING MAP AND THE SUBJECT
TO THE SCREEN YOU'LL SEE THE
PROPERTY HIGHLIGHTED IN THE
ZONING MAP AND THE SUBJECT
CENTER YOUR SCREEN YOU SEE
PROPERTY HIGHLIGHTED IN THE
ALONG DEVON SHIRE AND WASHTENAW
CENTER YOUR SCREEN YOU SEE
AVENUE TO THE WEST.
ALONG DEVON SHIRE AND WASHTENAW
NEXT SLIDE SHOWS THE AERIAL MAP
AVENUE TO THE WEST.
WITH SURROUNDING PROPERTIES AND
NEXT SLIDE SHOWS THE AERIAL MAP
EXISTING CONDITIONS AND THE
WITH SURROUNDING PROPERTIES AND
NEXT SLIDE IS THE ZOOMED IN
EXISTING CONDITIONS AND THE
AERIAL PHOTO WITH THE PROPOSED
NEXT SLIDE IS THE ZOOMED IN
CENTER AND THIS PORTION OF THE
AERIAL PHOTO WITH THE PROPOSED
WE ARE THIS IS THE SURVEY THAT
CENTER AND THIS PORTION OF THE
WAS SUBMITTED WITH THE PROPOSED
WE ARE THIS IS THE SURVEY THAT
SUNROOM SUPERIMPOSED TO THE
WAS SUBMITTED WITH THE PROPOSED
BACK OF THE HOME.
SUNROOM SUPERIMPOSED TO THE
YOU CAN SEE HOW IS CONNECTED
BACK OF THE HOME.
AND ITS CONFIGURATION AND IT
YOU CAN SEE HOW IS CONNECTED
WILL BE THIRTY TWO AND A HALF
AND ITS CONFIGURATION AND IT
FEET TO THIS WILL A LOT LIKE
WILL BE THIRTY TWO AND A HALF
143 WATER.
FEET TO THIS WILL A LOT LIKE
THIS IS THE FLOOR PLAN SHOWING
143 WATER.
THE PROPOSED LONHRO.
THIS IS THE FLOOR PLAN SHOWING
THESE ARE THE PHOTOS I TOOK AT
THE PROPOSED LONHRO.
MY SITE INSPECTION.
THESE ARE THE PHOTOS I TOOK AT
YOU SEE THE FRONT OF THE HOUSE
MY SITE INSPECTION.
GOING DOWN THE DRIVEWAY TOWARDS
YOU SEE THE FRONT OF THE HOUSE
THE REAR YARD AND THE DETACHED
GOING DOWN THE DRIVEWAY TOWARDS
GARAGE IN THE BACKYARD.
THE REAR YARD AND THE DETACHED
THIS IS THE BACK ELEVATION
GARAGE IN THE BACKYARD.
OF THE HOME AND THIS IS WHERE
THIS IS THE BACK ELEVATION
THE SUNROOM IS TO BE CONNECTED
OF THE HOME AND THIS IS WHERE
INTO THE BACK OF THE HOUSE WITH
THE SUNROOM IS TO BE CONNECTED
THE JOINING OF THIS REAR ENTRY
INTO THE BACK OF THE HOUSE WITH
.
THE JOINING OF THIS REAR ENTRY
THIS IS THE APPROXIMATE
.
LOCATION OF WHERE THE SUNROOM
THIS IS THE APPROXIMATE
WILL BE LOCATED.
LOCATION OF WHERE THE SUNROOM
THIS IS MORE OF WHERE THE SUN
WILL BE LOCATED.
TO BE LOCATED IN THE
THIS IS MORE OF WHERE THE SUN
RELATIONSHIP WITH THE ADJACENT
TO BE LOCATED IN THE
PROPERTY APPROXIMATE LOCATION
RELATIONSHIP WITH THE ADJACENT
OF THE SUNROOM.
PROPERTY APPROXIMATE LOCATION
YOU SEE THE BACK OF THE HOUSE
OF THE SUNROOM.
STEPS LEADING TO IT AND THAT
YOU SEE THE BACK OF THE HOUSE
WAS THE END OF MY PRESENTATION
STEPS LEADING TO IT AND THAT
AND THINK ANY QUESTIONS YOU
WAS THE END OF MY PRESENTATION
HAVE AT THIS TIME, MR I DO IT
AND THINK ANY QUESTIONS YOU
ONCE AND THIS IS THIS IS
HAVE AT THIS TIME, MR I DO IT
ATTACHED TO THE BUILDING.
ONCE AND THIS IS THIS IS
TO THE HOUSE.
ATTACHED TO THE BUILDING.
YES, RIGHT.
TO THE HOUSE.
IF IT WERE UNATTACHED WE NEED
YES, RIGHT.
TO BE IN DEPENDING ON WHERE IT
IF IT WERE UNATTACHED WE NEED
WAS LOCATED BUT MOST LIKELY NO
TO BE IN DEPENDING ON WHERE IT
DETACHED NO.
WAS LOCATED BUT MOST LIKELY NO
OKAY YEAH THAT'S DETACHED.
DETACHED NO.
OUR ACCESSORY BUILDINGS COULD
OKAY YEAH THAT'S DETACHED.
BE THREE FEET OFF SIDING
OUR ACCESSORY BUILDINGS COULD
REQUIREMENTS BUT IT'S MUCH LIKE
BE THREE FEET OFF SIDING
THAT WAS THAT WAS WHEN I WAS
REQUIREMENTS BUT IT'S MUCH LIKE
LIKE OKAY SO THIS ONE IS A
THAT WAS THAT WAS WHEN I WAS
CATCH BUT IF THEY WERE IF IT
LIKE OKAY SO THIS ONE IS A
WAS UNATTACHED THEY WOULD THEY
CATCH BUT IF THEY WERE IF IT
COULD PLACE IT FOUR O'CLOCK
THE
PETITIONERS HERE PLEASE COME
FORWARD FINANCE THAT YOUR YOUR
FIVE MINUTES YOUR NAME IS
ROBERT CLARK FOR SEASONS
SIMMONS I'M HERE TO REPRESENT
THE CLIENT AND MY CLIENT THE
HOMEOWNER
.
WELL WHILE YOU'RE PLANNING I'LL
JUST MENTION JUST SO IT'S CLEAR
BECAUSE I HEARD FROM A PREVIOUS
ONE WHEN YOU GUYS WERE TALKING
ABOUT A SUNROOM THIS WILL HAVE
THAT HEAT PUMP ON THE SIDE.
SO IT'S REALLY A FOURTH SEASON.
IT'S NOT SOMETHING THAT WE
WOULD BE IN AT THAT TIME.
AND THE OTHER REASON THE REASON
THAT WE WANTED IS JUST AH THE
HOUSES ARE RELATIVELY SMALL
HOUSE IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD I
THINK TWO THOUSAND SIXTY SQUARE
FEET OR SO AND THE OLDER YOU
KNOW WE LOVE THE HOUSE BUT THE
ROOMS ARE REALLY CUT UP LIKE
IT'S NO BIG FAMILY ROOM.
SO THAT IS SORT OF OUR GOAL TO
HAVE MY MOM AND TO MOVE INTO
GRANDKIDS STUFF LIKE THAT WHERE
WE COULD ONE ROOM BIG ENOUGH
FOR EVERYONE TO GET SO IN.
WHAT JOHN POINTED OUT IS THAT
ON THE I WILL REFER TO IT AS
LOOKING AT THE BACK OF THE
HOUSE BACK AT THE CENTER THE
RIGHT SIDE IT'S ABOUT ONE FOOT
.
BUT AS WE GO TOWARDS THE
NEIGHBORS, WHAT WE HAVE AN
IRREGULAR SHAPED LOT.
WE HAVE A APACHE BLOCK WHICH IS
CAUSING US A LITTLE BIT
OF ANGLE.
SO YEAH, LET'S PICTURE JOHN THE
HOUSE ANGLE KIND OF A LITTLE
BIT RIGHT IN THE DRIVEWAY.
IF YOU IF YOU GO TO THE PLAN
RIGHT.
YOU CAN YOU CAN SEE HOW ANGLE
IT KICKS IN AND THE GARAGE
UNFORTUNATELY WE HAVE PLENTY
OF ROOM ON THE OTHER SIDE BUT
YOU KNOW THAT THE GARAGE IS
UNDERNEATH THE HOUSE IN THE
DRIVEWAY GOES AROUND.
SO ACTUALLY IF THERE ISN'T AN
OPTION TO PUT IT OVER ON RIGHT
.
SO TO MOVE IT WHERE IT WOULD
MEET, WE HAVE THE MOST
PRACTICAL SPOT.
BUT AGAIN WITH THIS HAVING
BETWEEN SIX AND A HALF FEET AS
WE GO TOWARDS I WOULD SAY THE
EAST RIGHT.
IT'S YOU KNOW, IT'S IT'S BEING
CAUSED BY THE LIGHT AND THE
IRREGULAR SHAPE.
WHAT IF THAT IF THAT WAS
STRAIGHT, YOU KNOW, A LOT WAS,
YOU KNOW, JUST A RECTANGULAR IT
WOULD IT WOULD BE IT WOULD BE
WE DO HAVE MANY SUPPORTIVE
NEIGHBORS THAT SUPPORT THE
STRUCTURE.
IT WON'T HINDER ANY OF THE
NEIGHBORS.
WE SAW FENCES AND HOW HIGH THE
FENCES ARE SO IT'S NOT GOING TO
BE YOU KNOW, THAT BUILDING A
TWO STOREY AND CAUSING ANY
HINDRANCE TO ANYONE THE
NEIGHBORS.
HENCE THE REASON WE'LL STILL
HAVE TO FEED BACK FROM OUR
FENCE LINE.
I STILL HAVE WE'VE HAD OUR NEW
LANDSCAPING AND PUT IN A GREEN
GARDEN AND THEN WE DO SOME BUT
IT WOULD ONLY BE THE VARIANCE
IT WOULD BE JUST NINE FEET SO
IT WOULD BE JUST ANOTHER NINE
FEET IN THAT DIRECTION.
IT WOULD BE LONG BUT BE A
LITTLE BIT OF A BOWLING ALLEY.
YEAH I COULDN'T REALLY PUT
COUCH.
I WAS TRYING TO FIGURE OUT HOW
TO PUT ON A CHAIR IN A NINE BY
TWENTY ONE FOOT ROOM AND TO GET
A CAT TO A TV AND THERE IS
REALLY DIFFICULT I JUST NEED TO
TAKE A LITTLE WIDER SPACE TO
PUT IN A LITTLE TABLE AND THEN
EAT OUT THERE AND COUNT TO
WATCH.
>> I THANK YOU QUESTIONS FOR
THE PETITION THINK SO I'M
LOOKING AT THE PLAN.
I'M JUST WONDERING IF YOU SLIDE
THIS OVER TOWARD THE CONCRETE
DRIVEWAY.
I'M NOT SURE HOW MANY FEET YOU
HAVE THERE BUT YOU COULD SLIDE
THE WHOLE THING OVER AND JUST
GO TO THE SET BACK LINE
POTENTIALLY AND PICK UP THE
SQUARE FOOTAGE YOU NEED.
IT'S A HOLE THERE AND IT'S
RIGHT UP AGAINST THAT.
IT'S RIGHT UP AGAINST THE
DRIVEWAY AS IT IS IT IS, YEAH.
AND WE HAVE PARKING GARAGE IF
YOU SEE THE HOUSING GO UNDER
THERE.
YEAH.
WE ARE ESSENTIALLY JUST ABOUT
GOING THERE AND AND YOU SEE
THERE'S A HILL UP TO THE HOUSE
THERE SO THERE REALLY NO I'M
SEEING YOUR PLAN ISN'T EVEN
COMING TO THE EDGE OF THE PORCH
BUT IT DOES NOT JUST COME INTO
FORCE.
OH WE MOVED IT OVER TO THE BACK
DOOR EVEN IF IT DOES GO TO THE
EDGE OF THE PORCH WE STILL NEED
WE HAVE TO PLAN AND THE OTHER
THING I KNOW THAT THIS IS ON
THE NORTH SIDE OF THE BUILDING
WHICH IF YOU'RE AN ARTIST I
UNDERSTAND ONE IN THE SUN IN
THE NORTH HER BEING ON THE ON
THE NORTH FOR LIGHT REASONS.
BUT IF YOU WANT TO SOME ROOM IT
SEEMS LIKE ON THE OTHER SIDE
OF THE HOUSE ON THE FRONT WHERE
YOU HAVE SUBSTANTIAL DISTANCE
TO THE FRONT SETBACK MIGHT BE A
PREFERABLE SPOT FOR A SUN.
YOU COULD IT'S JUST I FEEL
LIKE, YOU KNOW, IF YOU WERE ON
THAT STREET YOU SEE REAL NICE
HOUSES WITH SORT OF THE SAME
FRONT END TO SORT OF I THINK TO
STICK A BIG IF I KNEW YOU GUYS
WERE TALKING ABOUT IN THIS AREA
YOU COULD DO IT.
YOU COULD.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
ABSOLUTELY.
BUT I THINK IT WAS A REALLY
FUNNY I MEAN THE HOUSE ARE KIND
OF AT THE SAME ALMOST AS FAR
FROM THIS STORY IF YOU PUT A 20
FOOT ROOM UP THE FRONT I AM BE
IN A FISHBOWL BASICALLY AND
EVERYBODY THAT YOU ARE WE DO
HAVE A NICE PRIVATE BACKYARD.
>> OTHER KNOW DEFEAT THE
PURPOSE OF ALL THE HOUSES ARE
KIND OF LINED UP AND IT LOOKS
NICE THAT WAY ON THE STREET I
THINK OUR NEIGHBORS CAN
ACTUALLY GO BACK HOME STILL IN
FRONT OF OUR HOUSE AND WOMEN.
CAN YOU EXPLAIN WHY YOU
REJECTED DETACHED AND YOU'RE
LIKE WELL YOU PROBABLY HEARD MY
QUESTION EARLIER.
IF THIS WERE NOT ATTACHED TO
THE BUILDING, WE WOULDN'T HAVE
TO BE HERE.
WHAT IT WOULD BE A YOU KNOW,
IT'S UP TO US.
IT DOESN'T IT'S JUST GOT GLASS.
THAT'S THE WAY WE LOOK AT THAT.
IT'S A LITTLE MORE ECONOMICAL
BUT YOU KNOW, IT'S A IT'S GOING
TO HAVE A HEAT PUMP AND IF WE
HAVE IT IT WOULD BE A TOUGH
THING.
WE WOULD GO IN IN THE WINTER
AND SO I MEAN I DON'T EVEN KNOW
HOW IT HAVE TO GO OUTSIDE.
RIGHT AND THROUGH THE SNOW THEN
OPEN ANOTHER DOOR AND GO AND GO
IN AND THE WAY WE'RE
VISUALIZING USING IT, IT WOULD
NOT REALLY WORK AS A DETACHED
ENVIRONMENT.
I UNDERSTAND THAT IT'S AN
ACCESSORY BUILDING.
YOU CAN'T MAKE A LIVING SPACE
LIKE OUR GARAGE.
WE CAN'T MAKE THAT INTO A
BEDROOM SPACE IS MY
UNDERSTANDING RIGHT.
SO THAT WAS MY UNDERSTANDING
THAT AS AN ACCESSORY BUILDING
WE COULDN'T HAVE IT AS A LIVING
SPACE.
YOU CAN.
YES, SO WE CAN TAKE OUR
PROJECTS LIKE A ACCESSORY
DWELLING UNIT.
YES.
YOU COULD MAKE A WHOLE SEPARATE
UNIT BACK AGAIN WITH OUR GOAL
BUT I JUST YEAH, WE WE JUST WE
HAVE TO HAVE THOSE FRENCH DOORS
THERE WITH THE INTENTION
OF HAVING SOME KIND OF LIKE
BEEN CONDITIONED TO GO OFF THE
KITCHEN AND CHRISTINE, QUESTION
HAS AN OPTION BEEN LOOKED AT TO
WRAP AROUND WRAP AN ADDITION
AROUND THE CORNER?
I'M JUST YES, HAPPY AND YEAH,
WE THOUGHT ABOUT IT.
>> IT'S JUST IT'S STILL HARD
BECAUSE OF THE NINE FEET TO GET
QUITE ENOUGH SPACE BECAUSE IT
WOULD SORT OF SHARM EL-SHEIKH
AND YEAH.
QUITE IT WOULDN'T BE QUITE AS
BIG AS WHAT WE'RE LOOKING AT
FOR TWENTY SIXTEEN I THINK
TWELVE FEET IS THE MOST WE CAN
GO TO THE FENCE LINE RIGHT NOW
BECAUSE YOU HAVE TO HAVE THAT
FIVE FEET FOR THE FENCE LINE SO
IT WOULD BE MORE LIKE TWELVE BY
TWELVE I THINK BUT I MEAN
CONSTRUCTABILITY IT'S IT'S IT'S
AN OPTION.
I MEAN THERE'S THERE'S NO
GRADING ISSUE OTHER IMPEDIMENTS
THERE AND THE NO RIGHT HERE.
YEAH RIGHT.
AND JUST WRAPPING AROUND SO NOT
JUST IN THAT SPACE BUT WRAPPING
AROUND THE CORNER YOU HAVE ALL
THE WAY AROUND TO THE TO THE
DOOR THAT'S SHOWING A PLAN.
IS THERE A PHOTO OF THAT YOU
KNOW IF YOU GOT ALL OF IT YEAH
WE HAVE THE AIR CONDITIONER AND
THEN YOU TOLD THIS LAST QUARTER
YEAH.
YEAH THEY'RE POSSIBLE.
THAT'S A MUCH SMALLER SPACE I
GUESS SO I GUESS WE'RE JUST
GOING A LITTLE BIT BIGGER.
YEAH BUT STILL WRAPPED AROUND
THE HOME TO TRY AND GAIN AS
MUCH WEIGHT.
JUST WONDERING IF THAT WAS THE
VALUATED AS WE THOUGHT ABOUT IT
THE SIZES DIDN'T QUITE MAKE IT
RIGHT THERE IS I DON'T THINK
THERE'S A LITTLE TOTAL
RESTRICTION TO THAT.
I DON'T I MEAN I'M NOT A NOVICE
.
YEAH.
JUST TINY DATAQUEST DISTRICT.
I THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
THERE'S ANYONE WHO WISHES TO
SPEAK IN THIS SPACE.
NO, THERE'S ANYONE ACCESSING
THE EXPRESS LINE OR RAISE YOUR
HAND LEARNABLE.
THANK YOU.
BUT WE DID RECEIVE SIX POINT
FIFTY SIX LETTERS OF SUPPORT
ONE FROM DEBBIE CRISPEN TWENTY
ONE TWENTY SEVEN SHIRE ONE FROM
TIM AT TWENTY ONE TWENTY FIVE
DEVON SHIRE ONE FROM MIKE IN
THE SHOP THEN ADD TWO ONE SIX
SEVEN CHIGER KATHERINE
HIGHTOWER AT TWO ONE ONE SEVEN
SEVEN CHARGE ENGINEER AND STEVE
HILDEBRAND AT TWO ONE FIVE
DEMONSTRATORS AND THE SHOOTERS
AT TWO ONE ONE SIX BINDED WITH
THAT PUBLIC HEARING IS CLOSED
FOR DISCUSSION.
I THINK THAT I SUPPORT I MIGHT
BE CONVINCED OTHERWISE BY MORE
DISCUSSIONS BUT I FEEL LIKE THE
DIFFICULT TOPOGRAPHY ON THE
OTHER SIDE.
THAT WAS ONE OF MY QUESTIONS
THAT I HAD UM THAT IT CAN'T GO
TO THE OTHER SIDE DRIVEWAY SO
THERE'S THE TOPOGRAPHY ON THAT
SIDE AND THEN THAT ANGLED SHAPE
OF THE LOT IN THE BACK.
I THINK FOR ME THAT IS A
PRACTICAL DIFFICULTY HERE IS
THAT SHE BECAUSE IF IT WERE
JUST A RECTANGULAR LOT THEY
WOULD THEY WOULD BE ABLE TO ME
AND I'M JUST LOOKING AT AERIAL
OF THE NEIGHBORHOOD IT LOOKS
LIKE MOST OF THE HOUSES ON THAT
STREET ARE SET BACK PRETTY
SIMILARLY TO THIS I REALIZED
THEY HAD SOME SPACE IN THE
FRONT YARD BUT I THINK IT WOULD
LOOK SILLY TO PUT A SUNROOM OUT
THERE
FOR ONE.
AND ADDITIONALLY I THINK MOST
OF THE HOUSES ON STREET LOOK
LIKE THEY'RE SET BACK ABOUT
THAT SAME DISTANCE FROM THE
FROM THE HOME.
AND SO I THINK THAT ADDING
SOMETHING DIFFERENT WOULD KIND
OF BE AGAINST THE SPIRIT OF THE
NEIGHBORHOOD AND WHAT THE
NEIGHBORHOOD'S CHARACTER IS
LIKE.
>> AND I UNDERSTAND THAT MAYBE
THEY COULD DO SOMETHING WITH
WRAPPING AROUND OR WITHOUT
REQUIRING A VARIANCE BUT THEY
CAN ONLY GO NINE FEET BACK FROM
THE HOUSE AND I DON'T REALLY
FEEL LIKE THAT'S A TON OF SPACE
TO CREATE A NEW ROOM ON YOUR
HOUSE THAT'S ONLY NINE FEET
WIDE.
I JUST THINK THAT THAT'S I
DON'T THINK THAT THIS IS AN
UNREASONABLY LARGE REQUEST.
I THINK THAT IT'S SOMETHING
PROBABLY MOST PROPERTY OWNERS
IN THIS NEIGHBORHOOD WOULD BE
ABLE TO DO SOMETHING OF THIS
NATURE SO THAT'S WHAT I THINK
I'M GOING TO BE ABLE TO ANSWER
WITH THIS.
>> BUT UM, THE CLARIFICATION IS
THE CORNER WHERE THIS IS GOING.
THERE ARE FENCES ON BOTH
OF THOSE ANGLES, RIGHT.
THE QUARTER TO QUARTER IS WHAT
FENCE I'M LOOKING AT THE
DRAWING HERE AT THE TOP RIGHT
OF THE SURVEY WHERE IT'S GOING
TO GO.
THERE ARE FENCES ALONG BOTH
OF THOSE.
CORRECT.
YOU SEE THAT FENCE LINE RIGHT
HERE RIGHT.
AND THERE'S ALSO A FENCE AT THE
TOP RIGHT HERE RIGHT ALONG THE
RIVER.
LOCHLAN YEAH.
>> SO ESSENTIALLY WHAT WAS
BUILT THEIR NEW NEIGHBORS GOING
TO SEE WHAT'S WHAT'S THAT OK,
SO I THINK I'M GOING TO DO THIS
AS WELL.
I TYPICALLY HAVE A PROBLEM THAT
YOU GET WHAT YOU WANT WITHOUT
HAVING TO COME BEFORE US THEN
YOU KNOW WE SHOULD DO IT.
BUT HERE IT'S ABSURD TO PUT IT
IN FRONT BECAUSE THEY ALL ARE
SET BACK VERY NICELY FROM DEVON
SHIRE AND IT WOULD BE IT WOULD
WRECK THE WHOLE JUST OUT OF THE
ROOM AND NOBODY'S GOING TO SEE
IT ON MY END.
>> BUT PITCAIRN'S LIKE I THINK
I'VE NEVER QUITE DECIDED BUT I
ADORE YOUR COMMENTS AS WELL THE
NEED TO SUPPORT
IT I HATE TO
SAY BUT I'M AGAINST IT AND
THAT'S JUST BECAUSE THERE ARE
SO MANY OPTIONS THAT THEY COULD
LOOK AT TO MEET THEIR NEED FOR
THAT EXTRA SPACE WITHOUT GOING
INTO THAT WE WERE SET BACK.
BUT I UNDERSTAND WHERE BOTH
OF YOU ARE COMING FROM IN TERMS
OF NOT HAVING TOO MUCH OF A
VISUAL IMPACT ON THE
NEIGHBORHOOD AND I AM SOMEWHAT
SWAYED BY THE UNANIMOUS SUPPORT
WE'VE RECEIVED IN FAVOR OF US
BY FIVE OR SIX OF THE
NEIGHBORS.
UM, SO I GUESS I'M LEANING
AGAINST IT BUT OPEN TO THE
REALLY I FIND THE NEIGHBORS
SUPPORT IS THE MOST PERSUASIVE
PART TO ALLOWING THIS TO HAPPEN
.
YOU KNOW, MOST OF THE I KNOW
THAT MOST OF THE PROPOSED SUN
ROOM IS WITHIN THE CENTER AND
IT'S JUST ONE QUARTER OF IT
THAT'S NOT SO YEAH.
I LIKE OTHER PEOPLE WHO HAVEN'T
SPOKEN.
UM, SO I THINK WHAT I'M
THINKING MOST ABOUT IS JUST THE
SHAPE OF THE LIGHT.
SO THAT'S WHAT MAKES IT NOT
REALLY POSSIBLE TO DO WITHIN
THE PERFORMANCE.
I THINK.
BUT I ALSO HAVE A SIDE QUESTION
WHICH IS WHAT IS THE PURPOSE
OF THE GIVEN SET BACK DISTANCE
SO FORTY FEET VERSUS THIRTY
FEET VERSUS TWENTY FEET WHAT IS
THE PURPOSE?
HOW WILL EACH DISTRICT HAS A
DIFFERENT SET BACK REQUIREMENT
SO THEY ARE WHEN A DISTRICT HAS
A 40 FOOT REQUIREMENT THEY NOW
HAD A LARGER LOTS OF 20000
SQUARE FEET AND THE R-1 B AS A
THIRTY BUT THEY ARE FIFTY BUT
WE ARE ALSO HAVING A CONSISTENT
LOOK ACROSS PERSONS.
IS THAT REALLY WHAT IT IS OR IS
IT LIKE A C IS IT A NOISE
BUFFER AS I CAN GO BACK ABOUT
ONE HUNDRED YEARS AND WE CAN DO
A WHOLE ZONING OF THE REGION
OF NEIGHBORHOODS AND THAT'S WHY
THE NEIGHBORHOOD AREAS ARE
ASKING TO MAKE A MEANINGFUL
DIFFERENCE TO THE PURPOSE
OF THAT.
THAT'S KIND OF WHAT I'M GOING
AND THAT'S SOMETHING YOU HAVE
TO WAIT FOR YOUR TIME WHEN
GREEN SPACE AND OPEN SPACE WAS
VALUED IN TODAY'S SOCIETY I
THINK THOSE TYPES OF THINGS
HAVE SHIFTED A LITTLE BIT MORE
TOWARDS OBVIOUSLY DENSITY AND
AND ALSO MAYBE RECOGNIZE THINGS
LIKE TURF GRASSES NECESSARILY
NATURE I'M NOT GOING TO GO THAT
FAR IS ABOUT, YOU KNOW, HOW
THINGS HAVE EVOLVED IN THE LAST
TWENTY, THIRTY YEARS OR
ESPECIALLY THE LAST TEN YEARS
AND DENSITY IS A PRIORITY IN
MANY COMMUNITIES NOT JUST IN
OVER THE NEED FOR, YOU KNOW, 50
FOOT ARE SETBACKS HAS SOMEWHAT
DIMINISHED IN MY OPINION HERE
THAT ANYWAY I'LL BE VOTING IN
SUPPORT OF THE SEE A BIG DEAL
BUT IT JUST ISN'T CENTRAL
QUESTION THIS YEAR OR FORTY.
SORRY BUT THAT'S ONE OF THE
LARGER VERY OUTSET THAT
REQUIREMENT THAT WE WRITE THAT
IS THERE ARE ONE A AND B SO
THERE'S A LOT OF DISTRICTS
WHERE IT'S LIKE TWENTY TO
THIRTY ARE ONE D HAS A 20 FOOT
RADIUS THAT THAT R TO A DOES R
ONE C IS THIRTY THE MINIMUM IS
TWENTY FOUR A DISTRICT I THINK
THIS WOULD BE THIRTY TWO THIS
IS ONLY THIRTY TWO POINT FIVE
THAT THE VARIANCE IS GRANTED IN
THE 40 FOOT SUFFOLK
REQUIREMENTS OF SEVEN AND A
HALF FOOT VARIANCE WITH BROKEN
.
>> OK I JUST WANT TO MAKE SURE
I UNDERSTAND CHRISTINE SO I'LL
BE NINETY NINE PERCENT YOU'RE
VOTING AGAINST THIS
APPLICATION.
I'M IN SUPPORT OF ADHERING TO
THAT FORTY POINT SET BACK.
IT WAS MADE FOR A REASON IN
THIS NEIGHBORHOOD AGAIN IT'S A
VERY UNIQUE NEIGHBORHOOD AND BY
NO WAY ADVOCATING FOR ANYTHING
ON THE FRONT BUT I DO THINK A
WRAPAROUND IS AN OPTION.
THESE HOMES ARE OUR BUSSES.
THERE ARE TRICKY SOLUTIONS TO
ADDITIONS AND I JUST THINK THAT
THERE'S A DESIGN OPPORTUNITY
THERE IN CHARACTER WITH THE
HOUSE.
I ACTUALLY THINK JUST A
RECTANGULAR EDITION IS NOT IN
KEEPING WITH THE CHARACTER
OF THE HOUSE SO AND CONVINCING
MYSELF FROM 99 PERCENT TO 100
PERCENT THAT I'LL BE THE
APPLICATION.
THANKS.
HAD A DISCUSSION WITH SOMEBODY
FOR SURE.
THANK YOU FOR THE MOTION SHE IT
IS ZEBEDEE TWENTY FOUR ZERO
ZERO ZERO SEVEN TWO ONE ONE
NINE DEVONSHIRE ROAD BASED ON
THE FOLLOWING FINDINGS AND IN
ACCORDANCE LET ME CROSS BECAUSE
IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
ESTABLISHED STANDARDS FOR
APPROVAL THE ZONING BOARD
OF APPEALS HEREBY GRANTS A
SEVEN POINT FIVE FOOT VARIANCE
FROM CHAPTER FIFTY FIVE TABLE
FIVE POINT SEVENTEEN DASH ONE
SINGLE FAMILY RESIDENTIAL
ZONING DISTRICTS.
THE REQUIRED REAR YARD SETBACK
IS FORTY VARIANTS ALLOWS FOR A
THIRTY TWO POINT FIVE FOOT
THREE ARE SET BACK YARD SETBACK
AND A NEW INFOWARS NOT ROOM TO
BE BUILT.
THE SUNROOM IS TO BE BUILT FOR
THE SUBMITTED PLANS.
YES, THE CHRISTINA NO TO YES
GRACE YES.
>> ALSO VOTE YES.
YES, MY YES DE NO.
THE REQUEST IS GRANTED MOVING
ON TO POSITIONS TWENTY FOUR
DASH ONE ZERO ZERO ONE ONE ONE
THREE ONE SIX ROCKEFELLER
REPRESENTING THE PROPERTY OWNER
IS REQUESTING RELIEF FROM
SECTION FIVE POINT THIRTY TWO
POINT TWO NONCONFORMING
STRUCTURE TO ALLOW FOR A THREE
HUNDRED SQUARE FOOT ADDITION TO
AN EXISTING ONE BEDROOM ONE
BATHROOM SIX HUNDRED TWENTY
FIVE SQUARE ONE APARTMENT.
THE PROPOSED ALTERATION WILL
CONVERT THE APARTMENT TO A FIVE
BEDROOM TWO BATH FROM APARTMENT
THAT IS NINE HUNDRED TWENTY
FIVE SQUARE FEET IN SIZE.
THE PROPERTY IS NONCONFORMING
FOR THE NUMBER OF DWELLING
THAT'S ALLOWED PER LOFT AREA.
THE PROPERTY IS ON OUR FORESE
MULTIPLE FAMILY DWELLING
DISTRICT.
THE SUBJECT PROPERTY IS LOCATED
THE SOUTHEAST CORNER OF THE
INTERSECTION OF GATTI'S AVENUE
AND WASHTENAW AVENUE EAST
OF CENTRAL CARVETH CAMPUS.
THE BUILDING IS FIVE STORIES
WAS CONSTRUCTED IN 1964 AND
CONTAINS 22 APARTMENT IS THE
SUBJECT APARTMENT IS LOCATED ON
THE GROUND FLOOR UNDERNEATH THE
BUILDING ADJACENT TO THE
PARKING LOT.
IF APPROVED THE APARTMENT WILL
CONTAIN FIVE BEDROOMS EACH
CONTAINING ONE HUNDRED SQUARE
FEET.
THE PROPOSED ADDITIONAL WILL
ELIMINATE SIX PARKING SPACES ON
THE SOUTH SIDE OF THE PROPERTY.
IF YOU WILL TURN YOUR ATTENTION
TO THE SCREEN WE SEE THE
SUBJECT PERSONAL HIGHLIGHTED AT
THE SIDE OF YOUR SCREEN AT THE
INTERSECTION OF GATTI'S AND
WASHTENAW AND DOES THAT
DIFFERENCE WITH THE UNIVERSITY
?
>> THE NEXT SLIDE IS THE AREA
MAP SHOWING SURROUNDING
PROPERTIES AND EXISTING
CONDITIONS.
YOU SEE THE CENTRAL CAMPUS TO
THE LEFT AND THAT FORCED THE
SYMMETRY TO THESE NEXT SLIDE
SHOWS THE ZOOMED IN AERIAL
PHOTO OF THE PUBLIC PROPERTY
AND THE APARTMENT
.
THIS IS A DRIVE UNDERNEATH
PARKING AND THE APARTMENT IS
UNDERNEATH HERE AND YOU'LL SEE
MORE OF THAT IN A MINUTE.
>> THIS IS THE SURVEY THAT WAS
SUBMITTED WITH THE APPLICATION
TO SEE THE SUBJECT BUILDING IN
THE LIGHTER GRAY IN THE DARK
GRAY, THE SURROUNDING
IMPERVIOUS PARKING LOT.
THIS IS IF YOU WOULD TAKE OFF
REMOVE THE ROOF.
THIS IS THE FIRST FLOOR OF THE
GROUND FLOOR OF THE PROPERTY
AND THIS IS THE SUBJECT IN A
ONE BEDROOM, 625 SQUARE FOOT,
ONE BEDROOM, ONE PROPOSED TO
ADD THREE HUNDRED SQUARE FEET
AND DOING SO THESE PARKING
SPACES ALONG HERE WILL BE
REMOVED.
>> THIS IS THE LAYOUT OF THE
SECOND FLOOR, THE THIRD FLOOR
OR FOUR AND THE FIFTH FLOOR AND
THE ROOM YOU SEE THE EXISTING
APARTMENT NUMBER TWENTY TWO
SHOWING SIX HUNDRED TWENTY FIVE
SQUARE FEET AND A ONE BEDROOM
LIVING ROOM KITCHEN AND THIS IS
THE PROPOSED ADDITION THAT WILL
ADD THE ADDITIONAL FOUR
BEDROOMS
.
THIS IS THE FRONT OF THE
BUILDING ALONG GATTI'S THIS IS
THE INTERIOR YOU KIND OF SEE
THE PARKING LOT GOES BACK
AROUND HERE AND THEN YOU COME
IN AND THIS IS THE SUBJECT
OF APARTMENT.
IT'S ON THE GROUND FLOOR.
HERE'S A DOORWAY ENTRANCE AND
THAT'S ONE OF THE WINDOWS TO IT
THIS DRIVING ALONG THE THE
DRIVEWAY AND YOU PULL IN THE
PARKING LOT RIGHT HERE AND THIS
IS APARTMENT NUMBER TWENTY TWO
.
THIS IS THE ENTRANCE INTO THE
TERM THROUGH THIS CORRIDOR AND
YOU LOCK YOUR LOFT IN THAT
APARTMENT NUMBER TWENTY TWO
RIGHT THERE AND HERE'S
APARTMENT 20.
YOU IN THESE PARKING SPACES
WILL BE REMOVED WITH THE
ADDITION COMING OUT RIGHT HERE
TO MAKE WAY FOR THE NEW
APARTMENT TO JUST A CLOSE UP
VIEW.
THAT'S THE PARKING LOT AND THE
OTHER SIDE RIGHT THERE THE
CORRIDOR AND THIS IS APARTMENT
TWENTY TWO REAR OF THE PROPERTY
THE PARKING LOT LOT HERE AND
THEN IT'S GOING EAST AND THAT
IS ALL I HAVE IS THIS TIME.
THANK YOU.
ANY QUESTIONS?
>> THINK SO.
IT LOOKS LIKE THE ENTIRE PARCEL
IS IMPERVIOUS SURFACE.
>> NO MY CONCERN HERE IS TO
REDUCE WATER RUNOFF TO OUR OUR
STORMWATER DISCHARGE I GUESS
THAT NARROW FRONT YARD YOU HAVE
A LITTLE NARROW FRONT YARD AND
YOU CAN SEE MAYBE BY THE SURVEY
YOU GOT THE WHITE AS THE YEAH.
SO I WOULD SAY PROBABLY 90
PERCENT OF THE PROPERTIES
IMPERVIOUS BUT AT THE TIME IT
WAS BUILT IN 1960 DENHA IT WAS
THERE WAS ONE SUBJECT
OF STORMWATER REQUIREMENTS LIKE
TODAY IS THERE SOME WAY WE
COULD CONDITION THIS ON LIKE A
RAIN GARDEN IN THE FRONT AREA
LIKE SOME WAY TO RETAIN OR
DETAIN STORMWATER RUNOFF?
WELL, THEY'RE NOT GOING TO BE
ADDING ANY IMPERVIOUS SURFACE.
>> THAT'S TRUE.
THERE'S NO NEW IMPERVIOUSNESS
BUT THEY ARE ASKING FOR AN
ALTERATION TO A STRUCTURE
THAT'S SIGNIFICANTLY FORMING
AND IN DOING IT THEY'RE
REMOVING PARKING.
NOW SOME PEOPLE AT THIS TABLE
THINK THAT EVERYBODY'S GOING TO
GIVE UP THEIR CARS.
I DON'T BELIEVE THAT AND I
THINK THAT ANY PARKING WE GET
RID OF IS THEN PUT OFF INTO THE
SURROUNDING NEIGHBORHOODS THAT
THE DEMAND FOR PARKING.
SO THAT IS A BURDEN WE'RE
ADDING TO THE SURROUNDING
NEIGHBORHOODS.
SO THAT'S I'M ALWAYS HESITANT
TO REMOVE PART BASED ON THE
CODE WHERE THERE ARE NO PARKING
APARTMENTS NO LONGER THOSE HAVE
BEEN REMOVED AND THIS ISN'T
ADDING ANY IMPERVIOUS SURFACE
THINGS I JUST WANTED TO ASK IF
WE ARE IN A POSITION TO PLAY
WELL THIS IS IN IT SUPPOSED TO
BE RELATED TO THE VARIANCE
RIGHT.
SUPPOSED TO BE DIRECTLY RELATED
TO WHAT THEY'RE ASKING FOR.
I MISUNDERSTOOD.
I HATE THAT WORD CONDITION SO I
DON'T LIKE ADDING CONDITIONS TO
REQUEST BECAUSE IT'S NOT WHAT'S
ADVERTISED AND I'M NOT GOING TO
SPEAK FOR THE APPLICANT.
OK, HE HE MAY BE MORE THAN
WILLING TO DO IT NOW AND THEN
THAT'S UP TO THE BOARD.
IT'S NOT FOR ME TO DECIDE YOU
GUYS CAN PUT A CONDITION ON IT
IF YOU WANT BUT I'M DON'T LOOK
TO ME FOR THAT THAT ADVICE I
GUESS WE CAN YOU CAN I JUST I
DON'T I DON'T I DON'T SEE THE
NEED TO CONDITION THIS THE
MONEY FOR MONEY RIGHT NOW
RELATE TO THE FACT THAT THIS IS
A MULTI FAMILY DOLLAR UNIT IN
THE MULTI-FAMILY NEIGHBORHOOD
OR KNOW THE NON-PERFORMING IS
THERE'S TOO MANY UNITS ON THIS
PROPERTY.
HOW MANY UNITS THERE'S UNDER
TODAY'S CODE ALLOWS FOR EIGHT
AND TWENTY TWO AND THEY WANT TO
ADD EVEN MORE NOTE THEY WANT TO
INCREASE THE SIZE OF ONE.
THEY'RE NOT ADDING ON THE UNIT,
THEY'RE JUST INCREASING THE
SIZE OF ONE THAT'S CURRENTLY A
SIX HUNDRED TWENTY FIVE SQUARE
FOOT ONE BEDROOM APARTMENT, A
300 FOOT ADDITION, A
RECONFIGURATION ON THE INTERIOR
TO MAKE IT NINE HUNDRED TWENTY
YEARS WORKING WITH FIVE
BEDROOMS.
THEY'RE NOT CHANGING THE
FOOTPRINT.
IT'S ALL UNDERNEATH THE
EXISTING BUILDINGS.
THEY'RE NOT ADDING IMPERVIOUS.
THEY'RE JUST ASKING FOR WE'RE
JUST WONDERING IF THE
NONCONFORMITY INCREASED.
THAT'S RIGHT.
I GUESS IT'S BECAUSE THEY'RE
NOT CHANGING THE FOOTPRINT.
OK, THIS WERE BEYOND THE
FOOTPRINT THE PROBABLY ASKING
FOR A VARIANCE BUT IT'S ALL
WITHIN THE CONFINES OF THE
BUILDING.
IT'S KIND OF UNIQUE.
I DON'T THINK WE'VE EVER SEEN
ONE LIKE THIS.
IT'S UNDERNEATH THE BUILDING SO
YEAH.
SPACE OK SO IT WILL NOT CHANGE
THE FOOTPRINT AT ALL TO PICK UP
ON GREECE'S TIME IS DRAWING AND
THAT THE CITY'S ATTORNEY MAY
TAKE ANY CONDITION THAT WE
WOULD POSE.
HE HAS TO BE RELEVANT TO THE
ISSUE.
HE CAN'T SAY WE WILL GIVE YOU
THE TWENTY FOUR VARIANCE AS
LONG AS YOU KNOW IT HAS TO BE
RELATED TO WHAT THE SUBJECT
MATTER OF WHAT I DO IS WE GET
TO STICK.
WE CONDITIONS AND SINCE SO THAT
EVERYBODY QUESTIONS WHICH ARE
THE PETITIONERS HERE PLEASE
COME FORWARD AND STATE YOUR
NAME FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE.
IVAN HI MY NAME IS ROBERT
FOWLER.
>> I'M REPRESENTING THAT ALMOST
FOUR TIMES IN GARY'S SO WE'VE
BEEN WORKING ON THIS BUILDING
FOR THE LAST THIS'LL BE THE
FOURTH YEAR THIS'LL BE OUR
FINAL GO AROUND WHETHER THEY'RE
ALL FINALLY DONE WELL AS WE
ORIGINALLY USED THE TWO TO
THREE AND A COUPLE OF FOUR
BEDROOMS.
SO RIGHT NOW I THINK ALL THE
ONES WE REMODELED OUR FIVE
BEDROOM THIS WAS THE ONLY ONE
BEDROOM APARTMENT IN THE ENTIRE
UNIT I SUSPECT MAY BE AN OFFICE
OR SOMETHING.
THAT'S WHY IT'S IMPORTANT TO
ALL THE FIRST FLOOR APARTMENTS
ARE ONE THREE SIX.
SO HOW 22 GOT DOWN THERE BUT
YOU CAN SEE THE GUTTERS ARE
PIPED INTO THE STORAGE THAT
WEREN'T IN MY EDITION EDITIONS
COMING OUT SIX FEET FROM THE
BRICK WALL AND YOU SEE THE DRY
SPOT ON THE PAVEMENT.
WE FEEL WE STILL GET CARS IN
THERE AND THEY CAN STILL MAKE
THEM A LITTLE THERE'S TO BE A
CAR LOOK IN YOUR WINDOW MAYBE.
BUT IF YOU KNOW I'M NOT I'M NOT
SAYING THAT WE'RE GOING TO LOSE
THOSE SPOTS.
>> YOU'RE COMING OUT SIX FOUR
AND I THINK THAT BRICK WALL IS
THAT ADDING TO THE FOOTPRINT OR
THE FOOTPRINT THE SECOND STORE
PARKING THE OVERHANG IS
CONSIDERED.
HE'S TALKING ABOUT THE BRICK
WALL OF THE CURVES OR WHATEVER
YOU JUST GOT IT COMES DOWN
RIGHT.
OH, I SEE YOU'RE COMING OUT SIX
FEET FROM THERE.
YES, I'M USING YOU COULD STOP
THE CARS.
YEAH, I SEE.
SO WHAT'S THE DIMENSION AND
THAT'S LEFT HERE FOR YOU TO
WHAT PURPOSE BY I'LL LEAVE MY
PARKING SPOT AS NINE BY
EIGHTEEN.
I'M NOT GOING TO MEET YOU.
I MIGHT END THAT'S DEEP AND
TURN THEM INTO APARTMENTS
MEASURED UP TO THREE FEET THEN
WITHIN TWENTY FOUR FEET I'M
THINKING THAT BUILDING'S TWENTY
FOUR FEET DEEP.
I'M TRYING TO REMEMBER
REASONABLE TO THINK THAT
PARKING COULD BE ACCOMMODATED
THERE POSSIBLY I MEAN IT'S GOT
TO BE SMALL CARS.
YEAH WELL IN MY PARKING OR BY
I'VE GOT PARALLEL ELECTRIC
MOTORCYCLES THEY CAN CHARGE
THEM UP THEIR INVESTMENTS.
ONE OTHER QUESTION SO YOU'VE
BEEN WORKING ON THIS FOR FOUR
YEARS.
YES IT'S A TWENTY TWO UNIT
BUILDING.
I'M GUESSING YOU'VE BEEN
CHANGING TWO BEDROOM UNITS TO
FIVE FOUR AND FIVE BEDROOM.
>> YES, HOW MANY BEDROOMS HAVE
YOU ADDED IN THE FOUR YEARS?
>> WELL IT'S TWENTY TWO UNITS
AND FIVE ADD THREE SO HAVE
MAYBE SIXTY SO YOU'VE ALREADY
ADDED SIXTY BEDROOMS SO I LOOK
AT THE COUNT OF BEDROOMS AS
ADDING TO THE DEMAND FOR THE
PARKING IF NOT ON THIS SITE IN
THE NEARBY NEIGHBORHOOD AND WE
DO HAVE HE DOES HAVE ANOTHER
UNIT TO BUILDINGS DOWN THAT
THERE'S QUITE A BIT PARKING
THERE TO
I WAS JUST CURIOUS
WHICH PROPERTY IT'S A IT'S A
FUNNY BLOCK RIGHT.
SO I JUST CAN'T IMAGINE IT WAS
A PARTY STORE LIKE YEAH I CAN
PICTURE THE PARTY SO I'M I'M
CLOSER TO WASHTENAW.
I'M ALWAYS ON THE CORNER.
THERE'S ONE BUILDING ON THE
CORNER AND THEN ME YEAH I KNOW
PERFECTLY OVER THIS SQUARE THAT
THIS BUILDING AS I'M JUST
SAYING FOR ANY ADDITIONAL
PARKING OPPORTUNITIES IT'S JUST
A FUNNY NEIGHBORHOOD THAT I
JUST I DON'T SEE WHERE YOU
COULD EVEN FIND OFF STREET
PARKING.
I MEAN THERE IS THAT LITTLE
INTERNAL ROAD THERE BUT I MEAN
IS THAT ONE OF THOSE LIKE TO
OUR MAX PARKING I KNOW YOU KNOW
I DON'T KNOW.
I MEAN WE'VE ALWAYS BEEN HAD
ROOM TO PARK ARE WORKING
VEHICLES ON SITE?
YEAH.
THE QUESTIONS THANK YOU.
IF ANYONE FROM THE PUBLIC WHO
WISHES TO SPEAK ON THIS
PETITION PLEASE COME FORWARD.
IF YOU'RE ACCESSING REMOTELY
PLEASE PRESS STAR NINE OR USE
THE RAFKIN BUTTON.
THERE ARE NO COULDN'T WITH THAT
BUT I DON'T THINK WE RECEIVED
ANY CORRESPONDENCE ON THIS ONE.
SO WITH THAT BE PUBLIC HEARING
IS CLOSED DISCUSSION MY I'M
GOING TO BE SUPPORTING THIS.
>> IT'S IT'S ALTERATION TO
NONCONFORMING.
I WANT US ALL TO REMEMBER THAT
RIGHT.
DIFFERENT STANDARDS INVARIANCE
THIS NEIGHBORHOOD IT'S ON THE
EDGE OF CAMPUS OVER THE EDGE
OF CAMPUS.
THEN THERE'S A HUGE CEMETERY
JUST TO THE EAST OF IT LIKE
THIS IS NOT A PLACE YOU GO TO
LOOK FOR PARKING ANYWAYS,
RIGHT?
LIKE IF YOU LIVE IN THIS
NEIGHBORHOOD YOU'RE RIGHT BY
THE UNIVERSITY'S MAIN BUS
DEPOT.
>> YOU'RE RIGHT BY WASHINGTON.
WE CAN GRAB THE CITY BUS.
THIS IS A PERFECT NEIGHBORHOOD
TO LIVE WITHOUT A VEHICLE AND
IF WE WANT TO INCREASE DENSITY
SO MORE STUDENTS AREN'T
SPREADING OUT FURTHER FROM
CAMPUS YOU GOT TO WE HAVE TO
THINK OF WAYS TO PROVIDE MORE
INVENTORY FOR THE STUDENTS TO
LIVE CLOSE TO CAMPUS.
THIS IS LITERALLY RIGHT ON THE
EDGE OF U OF M.
S CAMPUS.
IT'S NOT A FAMILY NEIGHBORHOOD
.
>> IT'S ALL STUDENTS YOU CAN
EASILY LIVE HERE WITHOUT.
>> IT'S A PERFECT PLACE TO LIVE
WITHOUT A CAR.
>> SO I'M GOING TO BE ONE
HUNDRED PERCENT SUPPORTING THIS
GREAT.
>> OH YEAH.
I JUST WANT TO SAY THAT THIS IS
IF SOMEONE IS GOING TO LIVE
SOMEWHERE WITHOUT A CAR TO BE
THE PLACE TO DO IT AND THAT I'M
OK MAYBE THE UNPOPULAR OPINION
THAT NOT EVERYONE IS GOING TO
GET RID OF THEIR CARS BUT AT
LEAST TO SOME EXTENT THE DEMAND
FOR PARKING I THINK SOME PEOPLE
PEOPLE WHO ARE HAVING THIS VERY
IMPORTANT TO NOT TAKE THAT INTO
ACCOUNT WHEN CHOOSING A PLACE
TO LIVE AND IF THEY RECOGNIZE
THAT WHERE THEY'RE MOVING WHO
IS NOT GOING TO MEET THE DEMAND
FOR THEIR PARKING, THEY'RE
GOING TO PROBABLY CHOOSE
SOMEWHERE ELSE.
SO I THINK THAT THIS IS
SOMETHING THAT PEOPLE IN
I'M A
LANDLORD ALBEIT A SMALL
LANDLORD AND I KNOW SOME PEOPLE
COME WITH CARS, TENANTS COME
WITH CARS, NOT ALL OF THEM.
THIS UNIT IS SIGNIFICANTLY OUT
OF COMPLIANCE WITH ZONING.
THAT'S WHY THEY'RE ASKING FOR
AN ALTERATION TO A
NONCONFORMING USE.
>> IT'S A TWENTY TWO UNITS IN A
AREA THAT COULD LEGITIMATELY
HAVE EIGHT UNITS AND OVER THE
LAST FOUR YEARS THEY'VE ADDED
SIXTY MAYBE SIXTY BEDROOMS,
CERTAINLY MORE THAN FIFTY
BEDROOMS.
NOW THEY'RE ASKING TO ADD MORE
I'M GOING TO VOTE NO.
I THINK THAT ALL THE ADDED
DEMAND THE FOUR ADDITIONAL
PARKING SPACES IS GOING TO GO
TO NEARBY NEIGHBORHOODS MAYBE
TWELVE BLOCKS AWAY, MAYBE
THIRTEEN BLOCKS AWAY, MAYBE ALL
THE WAY DOWN GETTYS AND WHERE
HILL COMES TO THE HILL AND AVON
NEIGHBORHOODS WHERE THEY'RE
THEY'RE GOING TO HATE HAVING
ALL THESE PEOPLE PARKING ON
THEIR STREETS.
BUT IT'S IN MY NEIGHBORHOOD
PARDON ME.
THERE ARE TWO HOUR THERE'S
ALREADY I MEAN RESIDENTIAL
STREET BUT YEAH.
>> SO YOU KNOW AND I LIVE IN
BURNS PARK WHERE THE
RESIDENTIAL PARKING IS IS A
FACT OF LIFE IN A LOT OF LOT
OF STREETS.
BUT ON MY STREET BECAUSE IT'S
RIGHT ACROSS FROM THE PARK I
GOT THE NEIGHBORS TO KNOCK
SIGNED FOR THAT TWO HOUR
PARKING BECAUSE PEOPLE USE THE
PARK AND THEY SHOULD BE ABLE TO
PARK FOR MORE THAN TWO TWO
HOURS WITHOUT GETTING TICKETS.
AND SO I ACTUALLY OPPOSED
HAVING RESIDENTIAL PARKING
REQUIREMENT ON MY PERSONAL
BLOCK BUT ITS PARKING IS AN
ISSUE AND MIKE AND I HAVE
PHILOSOPHICAL DISAGREEMENTS
ABOUT THIS.
WE'LL CONTINUE WORKING ON IT
OVER PINTS.
THAT'S ALL YOU SAID ARABIC
RECORD WE WILL I SEE IT AS AN
ADDED BURDEN TO THE COMMUNITY
AND I'LL BE VOTING NO.
WE SHOULD BE CAREFUL NOT TO
MAKE ASSUMPTIONS BUT INCREASING
THE NUMBER OF BEDROOMS
INCREASES THE NEED OF PEOPLE
WITH CARS.
I DON'T THINK CARS ARE GOING TO
DISAPPEAR.
I DO AGREE THAT IT'S THE
PERFECT SPOT FOR PEOPLE TO LIVE
WITHOUT A CAR AND I ALSO THINK
THAT WHEN YOU HAVE FIRST OF ALL
I THINK THAT YOU'RE RIGHT YOU
MAKE DECISIONS ABOUT WHAT
YOU'RE LIVING, WHERE YOU'RE
LIVING BASED ON WHAT'S
AVAILABLE.
AND I ALSO THINK YOU MAKE
DECISIONS BASED ON WHAT YOUR
ROOMMATES HAVE QUITE FRANKLY.
I MEAN WHEN I WAS AN
UNDERGRADUATE I PILED IN ONE
OF THESE HOUSES WITH TEN PEOPLE
TO ALL OF US HAVE A CAR NO, WE
DIDN'T NEED TO USE EACH OTHER'S
YOU KNOW, WE SHARED CARS SO I
DON'T THINK WE SHOULD ASSUME
DESTROYING THE NUMBER
OF BEDROOMS AND INCREASINGLY
FOR PARKING AND PROBABLY THE
KIND OF DISCUSSION I MAKE
COMMOTION IF ANYBODY DECIDES
THEY WANT TO MAKE SURE THAT IS
ALWAYS GREAT.
YEAH, WELL THAT'S REALLY GOOD.
CUSTOMERS DON'T THINK OF THIS
WONDERFUL YEAH.
PROVIDING MOTION SHEETS FOR ME
AND IF THEY PROVIDING FOR OTHER
PEOPLE TO HAPPILY DEFER TO
SOMEBODY ELSE IS A GOOD VOICE.
>> OK I'LL GO ZEBA TWENTY FOUR
DASH ZERO ZERO ONE ONE THIRTEEN
SIXTEEN GABBIE'S AVENUE
ALTERATION TO A NON CONFORMING
STRUCTURE.
THE ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS
HEREBY GRANTS RELIEF FROM
SECTION FIVE POINT THIRTY TWO
POINT TWO ALTERATIONS
NONCONFORMING STRUCTURE TO
ALLOW CONSTRUCTION TO ALLOW FOR
A THREE HUNDRED SQUARE FOOT
ADDITION TO AN EXISTING ONE
BEDROOM ONE BATHROOM 610 FIVE
SQUARE FOOT APARTMENT.
THE PROPOSED ALTERATION WILL
CONVERT THE APARTMENT TO A FIVE
BEDROOM TWO BATH ROOM APARTMENT
NINE 25 SQUARE FEET IN SIZE.
THE PROPERTY IS NOT CONFORMING
TO THE NUMBER OF DWELLING UNITS
ALLOWED PER LOTERIA THE
APARTMENT ADDITIONS AND
RENOVATION IS TO BE BUILT FOR
THE SUBMITTED PLANS SUPPORT FOR
SUPPORT STRUCTURE.
YES, MY YES DAVE DAVE ALREADY
KNOW CHRISTINA.
>> YES YES.
GREAT YES.
I ALSO VOTE YES.
THE RISK IS GREAT.
WE ARE GOING TO TAKE A BRIEF
RECESS WHILE I STEP OUT TAKES
OVER AND THEN WE'LL PICK UP
WITH PETITIONS EBAY TWENTY FOUR
ZERO ZERO ONE THREE THIRTY FIVE
FROM THE RESTROOM REAL QUICK.
YES YES YES THROUGH THE DOOR
AND DOWN FROM CHARACTER
REFERENCES WORK
OH I DO LIKE
THAT YOU START NOW I DON'T KNOW
TO PLAY LIKE
SASHA, HERE IS THE
PROPOSED SITE DIAGRAM.
>> THIS IS THE ADDITION THE TWO
STORY ADDITIONS THAT I TALKED
ABOUT RIGHT HERE ARE GOING TO
BE COMING TO THE BACK OF THE
HOME.
YOU SEE THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN
THE TWO THE NEW DACH AND THEN
THE PROPOSAL TO ATTACH THE NEW
VIRAGE TO THE ADDITIONS AND
THAT LEAVES THIS EIGHT FOOT
DISTANCE THE REAR LINE FOR THAT
22 FOOT REQUESTED VARIANCE.
>> THESE ARE THE PLANS FOR PLAN
B SHOWING THE FIRST AND SECOND
FLOORS OF THE PROPOSED
ADDITION.
>> YOU SEE THE PROPOSED GARAGE
AND THEN THIS IS THE FIRST
FLOOR WITH A KITCHEN I BELIEVE
I SAID AND DECK IN A MUD ROOM
IN THE PANTRY AND THEN THE
SECOND STORE I STORY WITH THE
BEDROOM NEXT SLIDE SHOWS THE
NORTH ELEVATION OF THE NEW
PROPOSED GARAGE A SIDE
ELEVATION OF THE EXISTING HOME
THE TWO STOREY ADDITIONS AND
THE CONNECTION TO THE EXISTING
GARAGE IN THE ALLEY B RIGHT
HERE AND THIS IS THE WEST THE
JUST THE OPPOSITE SIDE OF THAT
ADDITION IN ELEVATION.
>> THESE ARE THE PHOTOS I TOOK
WHEN I MADE MY SITE INSPECTION.
YOU SEE THE FRONT OF THE
EXISTING STRUCTURE THIS IS
GOING DOWN THE SIDE OF THE
PROPERTY, THE ALLEYS IN THE
BACK AND YOU CAN SEE THE
EXISTING GARAGE RIGHT HERE IN
RELATIONSHIP WITH THE BACKYARD
IN THE SIDE OF THE HOUSE.
>> THIS IS STANDING ON THE
ALLEY LOOKING AT THE BACK
OF THE PROPERTY, THE REAR
OF THE PROPERTY.
THIS IS THE EXISTING GARAGE TO
BE DEMOLISHED.
YOU'LL SEE THE ADDITIONS WILL
BE MAKING THAT CONNECTION TO
THE REAR OF THE HOME FOLLOWED
UP BY THE NEW GARAGE PICTURE
OF THE EXISTING GARAGE IN
RELATIONSHIP WITH THE ALLEY AND
THE APPROACH TO THE GARAGE.
YOU SEE SOME OF THE SURROUNDING
PROPERTIES IN THE BACKGROUND
LOOKING DOWN THE ALLEYWAY.
CURRENT CONDITIONS.
THIS IS FROM THE OPPOSITE SIDE
OF THE GARAGE FROM THE
NEIGHBORS PERSPECTIVE IS THE
WEST LOOKING AT THE EXISTING
GARAGE IN THE BACK OF THE HOME
ANOTHER VIEW AND THE SAME THE
EXISTING GARAGE IN THE BACK
OF THE HOUSE AND THAT IS ALL I
HAVE AT THIS TIME AND I CAN
TAKE ANY QUESTIONS THAT YOU MAY
HAVE QUESTIONS HERE EITHER TIME
OR I'M DOING A GOOD JOB
EXPLAINING DURING.
SO I JUST WANT TO MAKE SURE
THAT I UNDERSTAND THAT RIGHT
NOW THERE'S A REQUIRED 30 FOOT
REAR BACK AND THEY'RE ASKING
SUCH THEY'D ONLY HAVE EIGHT
FEET BETWEEN AN THAT'S CORRECT.
I HAVE A QUESTION.
>> SO IF THEY KEPT THE GARAGE
UNATTACHED FROM THE HOME, WOULD
THEY NEED TO BE HERE?
>> I KNEW THAT QUESTION WAS
GOING TO BE GONE AGAIN.
YES, THAT'S CORRECT.
THE IS DESCRIBES THAT YOU
KASPAROV'S WOULD BE REQUIRED TO
BE A MINIMUM OF THREE FEET FROM
THE SITE AND SEE WHAT LINES
COMPLY WITH
THE REAR OPEN
SERVICE REQUIREMENTS OF FIVE
POINT SIXTEEN POINT SIX.
>> SO IT WAS IN A DIFFERENT WAY
THEY COULD HAVE THE TWO STOREY
ADDITION WITH THE INTERIOR
ROOMS AND AS LONG AS THE GARAGE
WAS DETACHED FROM THE HOUSE
THEY WOULDN'T NEED TO BE HERE.
THEY WOULDN'T NEED A VARIANCE.
SO YOU SEE THE PROPOSED
ADDITIONS RIGHT HERE INSIDE
WITH THE DUCK IT MEETS THE 30
FOOT REAR SET THAT IF THEY WERE
TO BUILD THE GARAGE WITHIN THIS
REAR OPEN SPACE AREA THAT WOULD
BE THREE FEET OF THE SIDE AND
LINES AND THEY COULD NOT OCCUPY
MORE THAN 35 PERCENT OF THIS
REAR OPEN SPACE AND THAT WOULD
BE ENOUGH FOR TWO CARS.
SO THAT WOULD BE I THINK THIS
IS 70 AND SO 70 TIMES 30 OR 20
I KNOW THAT BUT 10 TIMES THAT
BY POINT THREE FIVE.
>> GIVE ME ONE SECOND I CAN
FIGURE OUT YOUR REAR OPEN SPACE
FOR YOU TWENTY ONE HUNDRED
TIMES POINT THREE FIVE SEVEN
HUNDRED THIRTY FIVE FOOT SQUARE
FOOT GARAGE 700 THAT IT'S BEEN
A YEAH.
TWENTY LIKE TWENTY WELL IN THE
ONE THEY HAVE A SIX SEVEN
RIGHT.
IT COULD DEFINITELY BE A TWO
CAR GARAGE.
OKAY ALL RIGHT GOOD.
OK ANOTHER QUESTION VERY
THOROUGH IS DETACHED GARAGE
THAT'S 700 35 FOOT DETACHED
GARAGE THAT THEY COULD DO
WITHIN CURRENT ZONING.
COULD THEY PUT A SECOND FLOOR
ON IT AND HAVE IT BE AN
ACCESSORY DWELLING YOU YES.
AND ALL WITHIN ITS SO YES
.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS.
HEY I THINK THE APPLICANT IS UP
STATE YOUR NAME SO I WON'T SIGN
ANY BUSINESS NAMES BUT HI I'M
KEVIN ATKINS AND WHAT'S YOUR
NAME AGAIN.
KEVIN ATKINS THANK YOU.
WITH ADREAM ARCHITECTURE I'M
REPRESENTING MY CLIENTS MIKE
AND MELISSA BACK IN THE CORNER
SO YES, REPRESENTING MY CLIENTS
WHO BOUGHT THE HOUSE TEN YEARS
AGO.
UM DIDN'T HAVE KIDS AT THE TIME
NOW HAVE A GROWING FAMILY, HAVE
CHILDREN UM AND KIND CUTE THAT
MELISSA'S MOTHER AT BIRTH WAS
BROUGHT HOME TO HOUSE BECAUSE
HER GRANDPARENTS OWNED IT IN
THE FIFTIES.
THAT'S CHANGED HANDS A FEW
TIMES BUT THEY THEY GOT IT BACK
AND IT'S BACK IN THE FAMILY AND
FAMILY HAS VISITED AND THEY
LOVE IT.
BUT AS GRANDPARENTS LEFT THE
HOUSE AS THE FAMILY GREW, MY
CLIENT HAVE CONSIDERED THE SAME
WELL THE HOUSE SOME SUBSTANTIAL
THAT SIXTEEN HUNDRED SQUARE
FEET FOR A FAMILY OF FOUR
SHOULD HAVE NO PROBLEM LIVING
IN THAT THE WAY THE ROOMS ARE
CONFIGURED INSIDE OF THE HOUSE
LEAVE A VERY TINY EIGHT FOOT BY
TEN FOOT KITCHEN AND A VERY
TINY ONE FULL BATHROOM IN THE
HOUSE.
SO THERE'S A LOT OF THE
CONVERSATION ABOUT THE ADDITION
IS CHANGING THE KITCHEN.
THAT'S MORE OF A FAMILY KITCHEN
SO EVERYONE CAN BE TOGETHER AND
WE'RE ADDING A SECOND BATHROOM
FULL BATHROOM SO THE FAMILY HAS
BATHROOM SPACE.
SO RATHER THAN TRY TO SQUEEZE
ALL THAT INTO THE HOUSE, WE'RE
PROPOSING THE ADDITION TO DO
THAT.
>> SO THE EXISTING ROJ HAS A
REALLY GOOD COAT OF PAINT ON IT
AND LOOKS PRETTY GOOD IS IS IN
DISREPAIR.
IT'S NOT IN GOOD SHAPE.
IT'S AN OLD GARAGE THAT HAS
HAVE TO LEAN TO TO THAT TO I'M
NOT SURE WHO BUILT IT BUT THEY
DIDN'T DO A GREAT JOB WITH IT.
THE GARAGE HAS NO FOUNDATION.
THE STRUCTURE IS FAILING, THE
ROOF IS SAGGING.
THERE'S A LOT OF ROT SO TO SIT
IN THE AERIAL VIEW BOTH CARS
WERE PARKED OUTSIDE.
THEY'RE AFRAID TO PARK IN THEIR
GARAGE SO IT'S NOT REALLY
FUNCTIONING AT A GARAGE ANY
LONGER.
SO WITH THE ADDITION TO THE
HOUSE ALSO DECIDED TO DO IT IN
THE GARAGE AND GET THE UNIQUE
SITUATION THE HOUSE HAVING AN
ALLEY RATHER THAN A DRIVE LIKE
MOST DO IN ANN ARBOR THERE'S
ABOUT A 12 FOOT ELEVATION
CHANGE FROM CURB TO FRONT
PORCH.
THERE'S A VERY STEEP FRONT YARD
AND THE HOUSE IS SET BACK QUITE
FAR ABOUT FORTY FIVE FRONT SET
BACK IS QUITE LARGE SO IT
PUSHES THE HOUSE BACK IN THE
SITE QUITE A BIT WHICH REDUCES
USABLE REAR YARD SPACE BECAUSE
THE HOUSE IS PUSHED BACK SO
THAT LED TO THE DECISION TO
ATTACH A GRANDMA'S HOUSE THE
EXISTING BACK ENTRY TO THE
HOUSE IS KIND OF COMMON FOR
SMALLER SMALLER HOUSES WHERE
THERE'S A SITE ENTRY TO A
LANDING, A SMALL LANDING AND ON
STAIRS UP AND DOWN FROM THE
BASEMENT TO THE HOUSE THEY'RE
ALWAYS NARROW, TIGHT, STEEP BUT
THAT'S THEIR PRIMARY ENTRANCE
RATHER THAN WALKING ALL THE WAY
TO THE FRONT.
SO THEY ATTACH GARAGE FOR THE
CONVENIENCE OF MOVING STRAIGHT
FROM PARKING SPACE TO THE
INTERIOR OF THE HOUSE.
AND MELISSA IS A TEACHER AT THE
SCHOOL IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD
OF DENHA TAKING SUPPLIES TO AND
FROM SCHOOL.
SO IT'D BE REALLY NICE TO BE
ABLE TO LOAD THE SUPPLIES
DIRECTLY IN THE CAR WITHOUT
HAVING TO GO OUTSIDE IN
MICHIGAN WEATHER AND
POTENTIALLY DAMAGING IT.
>> YOU'RE GETTING TO WORK.
SO LOTS OF THINGS LEADING TO
THE DESIRE TO ATTACH THE GARAGE
ALSO THE ALLEY IS ACTUALLY
FAIRLY TIGHT SO TO SWING A CAR
INTO A GARAGE MAKE THAT 90
DEGREE TURN.
WE WANT IT TO THEN PULL THE
GARAGE A LITTLE FURTHER BACK
FROM THE EDGE OF THE ALLEY.
SO IF WE WERE YES, THE ELEPHANT
IN THE ROOM IS TO DETACH THE
GARAGE WE WOULDN'T BE HERE.
>> WE COULD PUSH IT TO WITHIN
THREE FEET OF THE ALLEY BUT WE
WOULDN'T BE ABLE TO I THINK
MAKE THAT SWING TO ACTUALLY
PARK IN THE GARAGE.
SO THE CAR JUST PULLED BACK
PRETTY FAR FROM THE ALLEY AND
THEY PARK IN FRONT OF IT.
WE DON'T QUITE NEED THAT MUCH
SPACE BUT THE EIGHT FEET WE
THINK IS ENOUGH TO SWING
VEHICLES IN AND OUT ALSO GIVES
A LITTLE BIT OF A BUFFER TO THE
ALLEY FOR GARBAGE TRUCKS.
THINGS LIKE THAT YOU CAN SEE IN
THE ALLEY SHOP EVERYONE ELSE IS
PRETTY FAR OFF THE ALLEY.
NOTHING REALLY CROWDED THE
ALLEY THAT MUCH.
SO IF WE WERE TO DETACH TO
THREE FEET WE'D REALLY BE THE
ONLY ONES CROWDING THE ALLEY IN
THAT REGARD.
AND WE ALSO FEEL THAT FIRE
PATCHING WE REDUCE THE LIBERAL
THAT'S KIND OK?
>> WE REDUCE THE OVERALL
FOOTPRINT OF THE ENTIRE
ASSEMBLY OF SPACE THE GARAGE,
THE HOUSE, EVERYTHING MORE
GREEN SPACE AROUND THE GARAGE
IS NOW SEVEN FOOT UP THE SIDE
PROPERTY LINE WHERE THE
EXISTING EIGHTEEN INCHES.
SO WE'RE TRYING TO JUST CREATE
SPACE AROUND THE HOUSE THAT WE
DETACH.
>> WE GOING TO STRETCH THAT OUT
MORE WHICH WE FEEL IS A
DETRIMENT TO THE NEIGHBORHOOD
BACK KEEPING COMPACT IT
IMPROVES VIEWS, IMPROVE THE
ALLEY AND VIEW AND LOTS
OF THINGS THAT I THINK I'M OUT
OF TIME SO QUESTIONS FOR MR.
ACONS.
>> YES, GREECE IS THERE A
REASON FOR NOT PUTTING EITHER
THE ADDITION OR THE GARAGE TO
THE SIDE OF THE HOUSE THERE IS
WE EXPLORE THAT THE MASS OF THE
HOUSE DOESN'T LEND ITSELF VERY
WELL TO THAT AND THERE'S ALSO
AN EXISTING LANDSCAPED AREA
NEXT TO THE HOUSE THAT WE'D
LIKE TO KEEP AND NOT MESS UP.
OH AND YEAH AND THE ADDITION
HAS A LOT THAT'S THE PRIMARY
PLACE SPACE FOR THE KIDS.
SO IF WE DID THE GARAGE
ATTACHED TO THE BACK IN
ADDITION TO SIDE THEN A VIEW
FROM THE HOUSE TO THE BACKYARD
WOULD BE BLOCKED BY THOSE AND
WE COULDN'T WATCH THE KIDS PLAY
.
>> WHAT'S THE IDEA BEHIND THAT
AND THE VIEW OF THE HOUSE YOU
SAW THE FRONT OF THE HOUSE IS
REALLY, REALLY COOL HOUSE WE DO
EVERYTHING WITHIN THE SIDES AND
WENT STRAIGHT BACK TO THE
STREET HAS MAINTAINED ANYONE
ELSE WITH THE QUESTION FOR MR.
REAGAN.
I FOR ONE I ALMOST ALWAYS HAVE
QUESTIONS.
YOU PROBABLY FIGURED OUT THAT
OVER DID I INFER CORRECTLY OR
MAYBE YOU SAID AND I DIDN'T
QUITE CATCH IT THAT IF THE
GARAGE WERE DETACHED WOULD THE
OPENING OF THE GARAGE DOORS BE
CLOSER TO THE ALLEY THAN THEY
ARE NOW?
>> YES, OK, THAT'S RIGHT.
>> YEAH I THOUGHT IF I MAY
CORRECT THAT IN SAYING WITH IT
IN A ATTACHED GARAGE IT'S
PULLED BACK THE ALLEY IS WIDER
FOR GARBAGE TRUCKS AND WHATEVER
AND PEOPLE GOING IN AND OUT.
OK, ALL RIGHT.
IT SOUNDS LIKE THE TYPICAL
CONDITION ON THE ALLEY IS NOT
CROWDING THE ALLEY OR GARAGE.
>> YEAH YEAH THAT'S ONE ONE
VIEW OF THE ALLEY AND YOU SAW
NOT NOT MUCH CROWDING AT OUR
GARAGES MAYBE THE FOREMOST YEAH
.
THAT WE THERE THE NEXT FEW
YARDS DON'T HAVE ANYTHING
CROWDING OUT.
YEAH.
SO YOU'RE COMPROMISING THE
EXISTING CONDITION WITH THE
WITH THE PROPOSED YEAH.
>> YEAH.
TO ANY OF THE QUESTIONS FROM
MR. RICK.
I'M COURTNEY.
DO WE HAVE ANY CALLERS.
WE DO NOT OK ANYBODY IN
ADDITION THAT WOULD LIKE TO
COMMENT.
YES.
YOUR STATE YOUR WOMAN.
>> SURE YES I DID.
MY NAME IS SCOTT ROSENKRANTZ.
I 1051 LAKE YOU DRIVE DIRECTLY
ACROSS THE STREET FROM THE
SCHMITT'S.
I'M NOT HERE TO SPEAK IN
SUPPORT OF THEIR POSITION.
I'VE LIVED THERE LONGER THAN
THEY HAVE PROBABLY SIX OR SEVEN
YEARS LONGER UP UNTIL ABOUT
THIRTEEN YEARS AGO I WAS A
LICENSED BUILDER AND WE KNEW
THE NEIGHBORS THE PEOPLE WHO
LIVED IN THE HOUSE THE COOLEST
QUITE WELL WE ARE NOW THAT
HOUSE QUITE A BIT FOR SOCIAL
OCCASIONS BUT I ALSO WOULD HIRE
ME TO DO A SMALL JOBS IN
BETWEEN MY OTHER ONES VERY
FAMILIAR WITH THE HOUSE.
>> I CAN'T IMAGINE USING THAT
KITCHEN WITH TWO PEOPLE LET
ALONE A FAMILY FOR IT IS SO
TINY IN THE BATHROOM IT'S JUST
COMPLETELY INADEQUATE.
MY BIGGEST CONCERN ABOUT THE
PROJECT IS THAT I THE GARAGE
ITSELF I CAN TELL YOU FIFTEEN
SIXTEEN YEARS AGO WAS SEVERELY
STRUCTURALLY COMPROMISED AND I
THINK IT'S EVEN WORSE NOW
HAVING HAD A FRESH LOOK AT IT.
SO I THINK IT'S REALLY
DANGEROUS.
I THINK IT'S GOT TO GO.
BUT I THINK THAT HAVING THE
SPACE IN THE
BACK WOULD HELP.
I'M JUST HERE REALLY TO TESTIFY
AS A NEIGHBOR THAT THESE ARE
TERRIFIC NEIGHBORS.
THEY'RE ASSETS TO THE
NEIGHBORHOOD AS WITH TRAVKIN
AND SAID YOU KNOW THIS TEACHERS
DOWN THE STREET EDUCATING THE
NEIGHBORHOOD KIDS LIKE IS
CONSTANTLY HELPING KEEP THE
NEIGHBORS WITH THEIR HOUSEHOLD
PROJECTS.
THEY'RE VERY FRIENDLY, HELPFUL,
NICE PEOPLE AND THEY'RE AN
ASSET TO THE NEIGHBORHOOD AND I
CERTAINLY WANT TO KEEP THEM
AROUND.
SO I FORGOT TO SIGN IN FRONT
OF THAT NOW.
>> OK, THANK YOU SIR.
YEAH, THERE'S ALSO I MEAN READ
THIS FOR YOU.
OH PLEASE DO NOT FOR YOU TO DO
I GOT YOUR BACK I EVEN HERE BUT
I'M GLAD YOU BOUGHT FROM
BARBARA KATKA THIRTY TWENTY
FIVE HILLTOP WE HAVE A LETTER
OF SUPPORT FROM DIANE HOTI AT
THIRTY NINETY EIGHT LAKEVIEW
DRY WEATHER SUPPORT FROM
ANTHONY AND NATALIE BINDERT
FROM 341 GREALY LETTER
OF SUPPORT FROM JEFF BRUGMANN
DON'T SEE AN ADDRESS FROM MR.
KRUGER A LETTER OF SUPPORT FROM
KATE CLOSSON ANDY AT THIRTY 82
YOU DRIVE A LETTER OF SUPPORT
FROM CHET AND CAROL PAWLOWSKI
AT THIRTY SIXTY NINE HILLTOP
RIGHT AND WITHOUT THE PUBLIC
BEARING PART OF THIS REQUEST IS
CLOSE AS WE'RE DISCUSSION.
YES JUST PROCEED.
WHEN I FIRST REVIEW THE
APPLICATION I IT WASN'T
ENTIRELY IN SUPPORT OF IT BUT
AFTER HEARING KEVIN'S
EXPLANATION FOR ORGANIZATION
OF THE SITE ELEMENTS FOR ME
THAT PUSHED IT INTO THE YES
CATEGORY JUST MAKES IT MAKES A
LOT OF SENSE AND ESPECIALLY
GIVEN THE POTENTIAL CONSTRAINT
OF PUSHING THE GARAGE TOO MUCH
TO THE ALLEY WOULD MAKE IT
SOUNDS LIKE NOT THAT NOT USABLE
SO SO I'M IN SUPPORT OF THE
PROJECT GRACE YEAH.
I AGREE WITH KRISTINA AND ALSO
THE NUMEROUS LETTERS OF SUPPORT
AND STATEMENTS FROM THE
NEIGHBORS ARE ALSO A FACTOR TO
ME I THINK THAT THE INITIALLY I
WASN'T SO SURE ABOUT YOU KNOW
THERE'S A DECENT AMOUNT OF SIDE
YARD SPACE BUT GIVEN YOU KNOW,
THE SUPPORT FROM THE NEIGHBORS
AND WHAT WE HEARD FROM THE
APPLICANT, I THINK THAT IT IS
IMPORTANT TO PRESERVE THAT
ARCHITECTURAL CHARACTER OF THAT
HOME.
IT'S A REALLY UNIQUE AND COOL
PROPERTY AND I THINK THAT YOU
LIKE CHRISTINA SAID MOVING THE
GARAGE CLOSER TO THE ALLEY
COULD POSE PROBLEMS.
AND WHERE I ORIGINALLY WAS
THINKING, YOU KNOW, WE COULD
PUT SOMETHING ON THE SIDE, I
COULD REALLY SEE WHERE THAT
WOULD BE, YOU KNOW, MORE OF A
DETRIMENT TO THE CHARACTER
OF THE NEIGHBORHOOD AND JUST
SEEING HOW MANY NEIGHBORS ARE
IN SUPPORT OF THIS I THINK
MAKES ME FEEL LIKE I'M IN FAVOR
OF THIS.
ANY OTHER COMMENT?
>> WELL, I THINK WE HAVE TO
TURN TO YOU DO THE HERE'S THE
QUESTION.
EVEN A TWENTY FOUR DASH ONE
ZERO ONE THREE THIRTY FIFTY YOU
DRIVE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
ESTABLISHED INTEREST FOR THE
ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS HEREBY
GRANTS OF AREA OF TWENTY FEET
FROM TABLE FIVE SEVENTEEN DASH
ONE SINGLE FAMILY RESIDENTIAL
ZONING DISTRICT DIMENSIONS TO
ALLOW CONSTRUCTION OF SIX
HUNDRED SEVENTY TWO SQUARE FOOT
ATTACHED GARAGE TO CRUNCH INTO
THE REQUIRED 30 FOOT REAR
SETBACK THE EXISTING FRONT
TWENTY NINE SQUARE FOOT
DETACHED GARAGE WILL BE
DEMOLISHED A NEW 500 FOOT ONE
FOOT SQUARE FIVE HUNDRED ONE
SQUARE FOOT ADDITION TO THE
REAR OF THE RESIDENCE IS TO BE
CONSTRUCTED WITH THE NEW GARAGE
ATTACHED TO GARAGES TO BE BUILT
FOR THE SUBMITTED PLANS SUPPORT
BOTH DHARMA OH I'M SORRY THE
VENTRILOQUIST DUMMY.
>> YES YES DO DEVOURER YES
CHRISTINA YES.
I ALSO VOTE YES AND YES WE GOOD
PASS AND SIX ZERO.
THANK YOU.
THANK
YOU.
GIVE US A LITTLE BIT LOOKING.
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU STEVE.
DID YOU GET NEW GLASSES.
I DID.
I GOT THREE NEW GLASSES TO GO
WITH MY NEW LENSES YOU MUST GO
TO WORK AND SACRIFICE MY
CATARACTS.
>> I DON'T WANT TO PUT THEM ON
EARLIER I JUST LIKE THOSE DON'T
LOOK LIKE THE SCENE IS A GREAT
PLACE FOR YOUR FRIEND PIERS.
I'LL TRY TO BREAK THEM OUT.
SOME OF THE NEW ONES DIFFERENT
FOR DIFFERENT PERSONAS.
THIS PAIR I HAVE TO SAY MY WIFE
DIDN'T LIKE INITIALLY AS I WAS
CHOOSING THE BUT THEN SHE NOW
SHE LIKES IT A LOT.
IT'S LIKE THIS WITH GLASSES
HE'S WEARING RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT.
MOVING ON, ZIBA TWENTY FOUR
ZERO ZERO ONE FOUR ARE WE READY
TO SAY CANDICE RECEIVED WORD
THAT THE VOLUME WAS CLEAR AND
BREAK.
YES.
OH YES.
MY INFORMANT TOLD ME THAT THEY
COULD HEAR THEY COULD HEAR I
DON'T KNOW WHAT THEY'RE HERE
DURING THE BREAK.
>> I DON'T KNOW IT'S TRUE I
WILL PROMOTE PETITIONS EVEN
TWENTY FOUR DAYS ZERO ZERO ONE
FOR THIRTY SIX FORTY FIVE
WASHTENAW AVENUE JOHN.
ALL RIGHT, KEVIN , LEADERS
OF METRO DETROIT SIGNS
REPRESENTING THE BUSINESS AND
PROPERTY OWNERS IS SEEKING A
VARIANCE FROM TABLE FIVE POINT
TWO FOUR DASH THREE OTHER MIXED
USE AND NONRESIDENTIAL AND
SPECIAL PURPOSE.
THIS DISTRICT PERMANENT SIGNS
THE REQUEST OF SIX FEET SIX
INCHES SIX AND A HALF INCHES
WOULD ALLOW A PERMANENT WALL
SIGN TO BE INSTALLED ABOVE THE
MAXIMUM ALLOWABLE HEIGHT
OF TWENTY FEET.
THE PROPERTY IS ON C THREE FOUR
INCH COMMERCIAL.
THE SUBJECT PROPERTY IS LOCATED
AT THE NORTHWEST QUADRANT
OF WASHTENAW AVENUE AND HIGHWAY
U.S. TWENTY TWO IN THE HARBOR
LANE SHOPPING CENTER THE CENTER
WAS CONSTRUCTED IN NINETEEN
NINETY ONE.
IT CONTAINS FIVE BUILDINGS.
THE TOTAL SQUARE FOOTAGE OF THE
CENTER IS FOUR HUNDRED AND
SEVEN THOUSAND THREE HUNDRED
SEVENTY FOUR SQUARE FEET AN
AREA THE CURRENT TENANT SPACES
IS ARE GOING INTERIOR
RENOVATIONS AND THE FRONT
FACADE IS BEING ALTERED AS WELL
.
A NEW CHANNEL LADDER WALL SIGN
WITH THE BUSINESS NAME
HOMEGOODS TO BE INSTALLED.
>> THE SIGN IS ONE HUNDRED AND
SIXTY TWO SQUARE FEET AND AREA.
THE SIGN IS TO BE INSTALLED
DIRECTLY ABOVE THE ENTRANCE
DOORS AT A HEIGHT OF SIX FEET
SIX AND A HALF INCHES FOR A
TOTAL OF TWENTY SIX FEET SIX
INCHES ABOVE THE MAXIMUM HEIGHT
OF TWENTY FEET.
THE CURRENT SIGN ORDINANCE WAS
ADOPTED IN DECEMBER OF TWENTY
TWENTY.
IF YOU TURN YOUR ATTENTION TO
THE SCREEN YOU'LL SEE THE
PUBLIC PROPERTY HIGHLIGHTED IN
BLUE AT WASHTENAW TWENTY THREE
I THINK EVERYBODY IS FAMILIAR
WITH OUR MARYLAND SHOPPING
CENTER AND THE NEXT MAP IS OUR
PHOTO SLIDE IS THE AERIAL MAP
SHOWING THE SURROUNDING
PROPERTIES AND EXISTING
CONDITIONS.
YOU SEE THE FIVE BUILDINGS AND
THE ZOOMED IN AERIAL PHOTO
OF THE SHOPPING CENTER.
THE TENANT SUITE IS RIGHT HERE
NEXT TO KROGER AND MARSHALL'S
AND SO IN THIS VICINITY PLANNED
A SITE BEING THE NEXT SLIDE
SHOWS THE PROPOSED ELEVATION IN
THE SIGN TO BE INSTALLED AT THE
TWENTY TWENTY SIX FEET SIX
INCHES.
>> THE SIGN RIGHT HERE IS I
CAN'T READ THAT CERTAIN NO TWO
FEET.
I WANT TO SEE THE TOTAL SQUARE
FOOTAGE GETTING INTO SORRY FOR
THE QUARTER INCH TO TWO FEET
AND A QUARTER INCHES WHICH IS
THAT WHAT YOU'RE LOOKING FOR
THIRTY POINT EIGHT SQUARE FOOT
TOTAL ALSO.
>> OH, THAT'S OK.
>> AND THAT'S THE RENDERING
OF IT.
THERE WILL BE A LITTLE UNDER
WALKWAY CANOPY SIGN AS YOU KNOW
IN THE SIDEWALK WHEN YOU'RE
WALKING ON THE STORES THERE'S A
CANOPY ABOVE THERE THAT'S NOT
PART OF THIS BUT THAT WAS SET
THAT WITH THE APPLICATION THIS
IS A RENDERING OF WHAT THE SIGN
WOULD LOOK LIKE IF IT WAS TO
COMPLY WITH THE ORDINANCE AT
THE 20 FOOT MARK.
THIS IS THE PHOTO THAT I TOOK.
THIS IS THE CURRENT CONDITION
OF THE PROPERTY.
YOU SEE THE CONSTRUCTION FENCE
AND THE LARGE STATION AND WHERE
THE PROPOSED SITE IS TO BE AND
THEN THE RENDERINGS SHOW THAT
RIGHT HERE IN THE MIDDLE
BECAUSE THE TWENTY FEET IS
HITTING RIGHT AROUND THE TOP
OF THIS EDGE RIGHT HERE THAT
INCLUDES MY PRESENTATION AND
I'LL TAKE ANY QUESTIONS THAT
YOU MAY HAVE AT THIS TIME.
YOU DON'T HAVE ANY PHOTOS
OF THE ADJACENT SITES LIKE
MARSHALS' GO BECAUSE I DON'T
REMEMBER EITHER OF THOSE COMING
THEY DO WHAT MARCESCENS
BUSINESS PURPOSE.
YEAH.
WHAT WAS THERE BEFORE THAT CAN
BE?
YES GARDENING A GARDENER WAIT
IS THERE AND YEAH BUT I'M JUST
WONDERING WHETHER IT'S ANY ANY
SIGN THESE
THE FIRST SIGNS THAT
ARE GOING TO BE AFFECTED BY THE
SIGN MOMENTS RIGHT.
OH THAT THAT'S JUST IN FACT
INTO DECEMBER OF TWENTY TWENTY
BECAUSE THESE ARE TENSE WEEKS
ARE BEING ALTERED NEW TENANTS
ARE MOVING IN NEW CONSTRUCTION
SO THE SIGNS ARE COMING DOWN
THE BED BATH AND BEYOND THE NEW
ONES ARE COMING IN SO THE
SIDEWALK AND STREET CORRECT.
AND DECEMBER TWENTY TWENTY WAS
NEWLY AND IT DOESN'T ALLOW FOR
SIGNS TO BE HIGHER THAN TWENTY
FEET FOR BUILDINGS THAT ARE
TALLER THAN FORTY FIVE FEET
UNDER THE OLD ORDINANCE THIS
WOULD BE OK CORRECT.
>> IS THIS IN LINE WITH WHERE A
BED BATH BEYOND SIGN WAS DO
YOU.
YES YES YES IT IS THE POSITION
OF THE HOURS IS A LITTLE
DIFFERENT I THINK THERE WAS
LIKE THREE LEVELS.
YEAH IT WAS TO AT LEAST TWO
RACEWAYS.
>> THIS IS A ONE RACEWAYS BUT
THE APPLICANT CAN SPEAK MORE TO
THAT AND THERE PREVIOUSLY YOU
KNOW THE THE NORTH SIDE OF THE
BUILDING WAS HELD BY THE
APPLICANT IN OTHER WORDS AND IF
IT WAS A THAT'S EXISTING IT'S
JUST BEEN MAYBE LIKE A LITTLE
BIT OH OK.
SO THAT'S NOT REALLY ANY CHANGE
AT ALL.
MAJOR CHANGES TO IT BUT THIS
HERE IS THE BASICALLY THE
FASCIA IS THE SAME FOR REMEMBER
THE FURTHER THE USED TO ABOUT
THE BRICK AND THE LITTLE SQUARE
OFF FROM THE BIG RECTANGLE IN
THE MIDDLE OF ALL THAT STUFF
WAS THE EARLIER ABOUT THE LAST
YEAR.
>> YEAH.
THE QUESTION QUESTIONS FOR JOHN
ALL RIGHT TO COME FORWARD
PLEASE SIGN IN OR REMOTE I'M
NOT SURE WHAT I TO REMOVE OK
HE'S NOT HERE.
NO THAT'S IS THE PETITIONER
REMOTE OK THERE ARE NO RIGHT
AND IS QUITE GOOD.
YEAH THAT'S RIGHT MULTITASKING.
CAN YOU HEAR I SURE CAN'T SAY
YES THERE IS NO VIDEO PLACE AND
IT IS CALLED COUNTRYSIDE'S
MAHVISH
IS THE REGIONAL MANAGER
FOR TJX.
COMPANIES SUCH AS ONESOURCE
CONSTRUCTION COMPANY KEEP MY
COMMENTS PRIMARILY TO THE
SAUSAGE SO THANK YOU FOR YOUR
CONSIDERATION THIS EVENING.
I AS THE GENTLEMAN MENTIONED
MENTIONED EARLIER NOT A WHOLE
LOT IS BEING CHANGED TO THE
INSIDE THAT THAT NEON LIGHTS
STAY FAIRLY SIMPLE TO WHAT IT
WAS IN THE JIMMY CAN ATTEST TO
.
SHE TRIES TO LEAVE A RECYCLE
STRUCTURE.
THE SYSTEM DECIDES IT CAN NOT
AS MUCH INTERIOR THINGS LIKE
HPLC MECHANICAL UNITS AND
THINGS LIKE THAT JUST TO REDUCE
THE FOOTPRINT OF WHAT THEY'RE
TRYING TO DO.
BUT IN THE PRESENT FOR THIS
SPORT IS A LITTLE BIT OF A
CHALLENGE SO FAR FROM
WASHINGTON ON AND IT REALLY
JUST DOESN'T LOOK PARTICULARLY
PLEASING.
IT HAS TO MAINTAIN A TWENTY
FOUR OVERALL LIGHT AS YOU CAN
TELL WITH THE WHOLE WHICH IS
WHERE WE HAVE PROPOSED IS
CENTERED IN THE SIDE IT'LL LOOK
MUCH NICER, BE MORE APPEALING
AND IT'LL BE EASIER FOR
PERSPECTIVE TENANTS TO SEE THAT
AS THEY'RE COMING INTO THE
CENTER AND IT'S CONSISTENT WITH
THE OTHER LARGER STORES AND
TENANTS THAT ARE WITHIN THAT
SAME
QUESTIONS.
I THINK AT THE END OF THE
PRESENTATION DID YOU HAVE ANY
OTHER QUESTIONS THAT THE BOARD
MAY HAVE HAPPY TO ENTERTAIN
THOSE QUESTIONS
AS A PROPONENT
,MARSHALL'S ADJACENT TO THE
PROPOSED HOMEGOODS.
>> YEAH, ALONG WITH THE
EXISTING MARSHALS' ALL THE WAY
DOWN BY THE GARDEN GARDENER.
WHY IS THAT GOING TO BE AN
ADDITIONAL MARSHALS' LOCATION
OR OR IS THIS A PLAN OUT
OF DATE PARSHALL'S WE'LL BE
GOING INTO THIS YEAR OF OUR
NEXT THAT'S OUR NEXT
IMMEDIATELY TO THE WEST.
THAT'S OUR EXPECTATION OF THE
ANOTHER SIGN THAT YOU'RE ASKING
FOR VARIANCE ON MARSHALL'S
CORRECT STRUCTURE.
YES, SIR.
JUST SAY NO.
TWO IS THE TWO COMPANIES THAT
SAME TEAM.
>> SO WHEN DID YOU BEGIN
REFURBISHING THE BED BATH AND
BEYOND PROPERTY?
YOU KNOW, ROUGHLY MONTH AND
YEAR FOR THE SEASON AND YEAR.
HELLO MY NAME IS JAMIE WAGRAM,
THE CONSTRUCTION MANAGER.
I SPEAK TO THAT QUESTION.
WE STARTED THE CONSTRUCTION
OF THIS PROPERTY IN DECEMBER
LAST YEAR AND THE WEDDING
COMMITTEE AT THE END OF OCTOBER
OF LAST YEAR.
>> THANK YOU.
ONE MORE QUESTION IF I MAY SO
IT SEEMS TO ME IS A NON
CONSTRUCTION EXPERT THAT YOU
COULD RECONFIGURE THE BIG
RECTANGLE A LITTLE LOWER AT AND
PLACED THE HOMEGOODS SIGN IN
THE MIDDLE OF A LOWER RECTANGLE
THAT'S REALLY POSSIBLE IN
CONSTRUCTION HERE.
>> YES, IS IT POSSIBLE IT IS.
IS IT PROBABLE THAT WILL
PROBABLY TAKE SMELTED THE GLASS
STRUCTURE SYSTEM?
THERE IS WHAT'S CALLED THE WALL
SYSTEM THAT WOULD ALL HAVE TO
COME DOWN.
YOU WOULD HAVE TO BUILD A WHOLE
TOP DOWN THAT WAS ALL EXISTING
IN THE BUILDING SO YOU WOULD
HAVE TO OPEN UP THE SPACE, THE
BUILDING AND ADD ADDITIONAL
STEEL SUPPORT AT A LOWER LEVEL
.
THE COST WOULD BE ASTRONOMICAL
AND IT WOULD REALLY MAKE THE
SITE NOT REALLY VIABLE FOR ITS
RETURN ON INVESTMENT DOWN THE
ROAD AND WE WE INTENTIONALLY
TRIED TO USE AS MANY SIDES AND
AS MANY ELEMENTS TO REUSE
RECYCLE AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE.
SO IN THIS LOCATION WE DIDN'T
LOSE BECAUSE WE DIDN'T CHANGE
ANY GOES OUT.
WE DIDN'T CHANGE THE COLOR
OF THE STORE FRONT AS THE CLASS
LAST YEAR GO OUT THE BOX OUT ON
TOP IS EXACTLY WHAT IT WAS.
WE JUST FILLED THE AREA WHETHER
IT WAS TIME TO MAKE THE FACADE
MATCH WHAT WE WANT OUR IMAGE TO
BE.
BUT BY ALL OTHER ACCOUNTS IT
WASN'T A SINGLE BRICK MOVES OR
PILLAR MOVED WHERE THERE WASN'T
ANYTHING THAT WASN'T ALREADY
EXISTING SPOT IT WAS JUST A
FRAMEWORK.
IS THERE ANY OTHER QUESTIONS
FOR PETITIONER?
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
THERE'S ANYONE FROM THE PUBLIC
NOTICE TO PETITION THE LANDLORD
OR PROPERTY GROUP.
I WASN'T SURE IF I SHOULD COME
UP WITH THOSE GUYS OR NOT.
WE'RE JUST HERE IN SUPPORT
OF THIS THIS PARTICULAR PROJECT
WE'RE TAKING THE OLD BATH AND
BODY WORKS DIVIDING IT INTO TWO
TO BE TWO TJX COMPANIES GOING
IN THERE MARSHALS' AND
HOMEGOODS MARSHALS' VAQUITA
NEITHER SIDE WERE TO LEASE WITH
A COUPLE OTHER POSSIBILITIES
RIGHT NOW.
SO WE'RE JUST TRYING TO GET
EVERYTHING FILLED BACK UP AT
THIS POINT.
THANK YOU.
DID YOU HAVE A QUESTION?
YEAH.
SO THIS IS GOING TO BE HOME
GROWN SO THAT'S A HOMEGOODS
FROM CORRECT.
AND THE MARSHALS FROM JUST TO
THE LEFT TO THIS.
WE CAN'T SEE IT RIGHT NOW.
CORRECT.
SO PROPOSED MARTIAL'S FROM NEXT
YEAR.
I KNOW THAT BUT I'M WONDERING
HOW THEY LOOKED SIDE BY SIDE.
>> UM, WHAT'S THE FRONT OF THAT
ONE LOOK LIKE IS A POSSIBLE
LOOK AT I'M LIKE I DON'T LIKE
TO KNOW BEFORE I VOTE ON THIS
ONE BUT WAS THERE ANYONE ELSE
FROM THE PUBLIC THERE?
NO.
ALL RIGHT, GREAT.
THANKS, COURTNEY.
WITH THAT WE DID RECEIVE ONE
LETTER I DON'T KNOW IF IT WAS
ON THIS ONE OR THE OTHER ONE
WAS A LETTER OF OPPOSITION.
I NEVER I THINK IT THIS TIME I
WILL END UP ONE MORE TIME.
HOW DO YOU LIKE YOUR NEW SIDE
THAT ADVERTISES ALL THE
BUSINESSES IN THE SHOPPING
CENTER?
I KNOW THAT WAS VERY LONG
BEFORE I TOOK OVER THE
MANAGEMENT OF THIS PROPERTY BUT
I DO LIKE IT AND EVERYBODY
LIKES A CHANCE TO GET TO RUN
ACROSS THERE THE BOARD.
YEAH I I KNOW I VOTED AGAINST
THAT BECAUSE I WANTED TO I
WANTED IT TO CHANGE BUT I
WANTED TO GO TO YOU TO BE ABLE
TO UPDATE IT WITH NEW
TECHNOLOGY.
YOU KNOW IT'S WHEN YOU MAKING
THE SOFTWARE FOR IT THEY
SPECIFICALLY SAID HERE'S THE
PERCENTAGE OF TIME WITH THE
TIME AND WHETHER IT HAD TO BE
ON THERE AND DON'T VARY FROM
THAT.
I KNOW WHAT YOU ARE INCREASING.
YEAH,
I RECEIVED A LETTER
OF OPPOSITION FROM LILIAN KIM.
CAN YOU READ IT?
YES.
IT SAYS HELLO, MY NAME IS
LILIAN KIM AND I LIVE BEHIND
OUR LAND IN ANN ARBOR.
I'M WRITING TO YOU IN RESPONSE
TO A NOTICE OF PUBLIC HEARING
REGARDING A SUDDEN REQUEST
WHICH I AM AGAINST AND I HOPE
YOU CONSIDER THIS EMAIL TO
REJECT THE REQUEST IF THE CITY
ALLOWS ONE BUSINESS TO HAVE A
SIGN LIKE THE ONE REQUESTED, WE
WILL OPEN THE DOOR FOR THE REST
OF THE BUSINESSES TO REQUEST
SIMILAR SIGN THEN A CITY WON'T
HAVE A POSITION TO REJECT THE
REQUEST.
PLEASE VOTE NO FOR ZIBA TWENTY
FOUR DASH ZERO ZERO ONE FOUR
THREE SIX FOUR FIVE WITH THE
PUBLIC SCHOOL.
I'M SORRY DISCUSSION QUESTION
NO I'M HERE JUST PICKING UP ON
DAVE'S QUESTION SO I'M JUST
TRYING TO YEAH I HAVE TO SIDE
BY SIDE AND CAN YOU IT SEEMS
LIKE THE SCALE IS SLIGHTLY
DIFFERENT.
I'M JUST USING THE HEIGHT
OF THE DOOR YOU COMPARE THE
SCRIPT IF IT DOESN'T SEEM LIKE
THE HOMEGOODS AND OUR SOCIETY
IN CHINA ON THE SAME BASELINE
SAID THEY'RE ALL DIFFERENT TO
THE EXACT SAME AS WHAT YOU'RE
SAYING.
YEAH.
CAN YOU JUST GIVE A DESCRIPTION
IF YOU LOOK AT JUST INDUSTRIAL
CENTERS THAT IF YOU COULD ASK
QUESTIONS ABOUT RELIGION AND
YOU THINK THEY HEARD MY
QUESTION EVERYTHING BUT IF YOU
I'M NOT SURE IF YOU DON'T KNOW
WHERE IS THE DO YOU WANT TO
QUESTION IT?
I'M SORRY.
YEAH.
YOU KNOW BUT IT'S MOVING.
>> SO THE QUESTION IS I WAS
PICKING UP ON THE QUESTION
EARLIER SOME DAYS AND WONDERING
WHAT'S THE ALIGNMENT LIKE?
HOW DOES THE BASELINE
OF MARTIAL'S SIGN THE PROPOSED
MARSHALL SIGN RELATE TO THE
BASELINE OF THE HOMEGOODS?
I CAN'T ANSWER THAT BECAUSE THE
REQUEST FOR THIS VARIANCE IS
SIX FEET SIX AND A HALF INCHES.
YEAH, IT'S GOING TO BE A TWENTY
SIX FEET SIX INCHES IN HEIGHT.
OK, THE NEXT ONE IF YOU LOOK AT
THE SNAP REPORT IT'S GOING TO
BE A REQUEST OF EIGHT FEET NINE
INCHES.
SO IT'S GOING TO BE FLOWING
EIGHT FEET NINE INCHES IN
HEIGHT SO TWO FEET AND THREE
INCHES.
YEAH AND BITTORRENT'S TWO FEET.
I MEAN IT'S NOT IT'S THEY'RE
WIDE YOU STOREFRONTS SO IT'S
NOT LIKE IT'S COMPLETELY
ADJACENT BUT IT'S NOT
COMPLETELY ALIGNED EITHER JUST
FOR AWARENESS FOR EVERYBODY.
IT'S NOT A NO GO FOR ME BUT I
WAS BEGINS THIS QUESTION YES
WE'RE DISCUSSION OK I THINK
YOU'RE GOING TO HELP A LITTLE
BIT BECAUSE YOU I WAS WE'RE ALL
FAMILIAR WITH ARDALAN BUT I WAS
SHOWING SOME PICTURES HERE
MARSHALS' DISTURBIA PETKOV
NORDSTROM RACK THROW DIFFERENT
STRAPS AND DIFFERENT SIZES
OF LETTERS.
SO I DON'T THINK YOU'RE SAYING
THEY HAVE TO HAVE THE SAME SIZE
LETTER AND SO YEAH.
>> YEAH I'M JUST SAYING THAT I
JUST WANTED TO GET AN
UNDERSTANDING OF THE
RELATIONSHIP OF WHAT THAT
BASELINE WAS BECAUSE THEY ARE
NEXT DOOR TO ONE ANOTHER ONLY
BECAUSE THEY'RE NOT
RECONFIGURING THE FACADE.
YOU CAN LOOK AT MY THREE PHOTOS
BUT THEY'RE ALL HERE.
ALL OF ALL THE SIGNS ARE ABOUT
20 FEET.
THERE ARE BIG WINDOWS I CAN
REMEMBER FROM THERE NOT
LOW-DOWN SIGNS LIKE YOU WALKING
THIS BIG DOOR AND THIS WAY UP
THERE.
YEAH.
AND IT'S ALL ABOUT THE SAME I'M
OK WITH THE HOMEGOODS WITH THE
PROPOSED HAVING CENTERED IN THE
IN THE FISH I'M TOTALLY GOOD AT
THAT AGAIN I JUST WANTED TO SEE
WHAT THE VIEW WOULD BE FROM THE
PARKING LOT OF THE TWO ADJACENT
SO I CAN JUST START
OF UNDERSTANDING IT'S TWO FEET
DIFFERENCE THAT AND ONE SIDE
THE HOME GOOD SIDE IS ONE
HUNDRED AND THIRTY SQUARE FEET
OVERALL AND MARSHALS' IS ONE
HUNDRED AND EIGHTY NINE.
>> SO THERE'S THIS SPACE AND
THE HOME GOOD SIGN IS TO BE
FIVE FEET IN HEIGHT AND
MARSHALS' WILL BE SIX FEET
HEIGHT SO I IF WE'RE GOING TO
HAVE A QUESTION EITHER DARLA OR
JOHN WHAT WAS THE AUDIENCE
CHANGE FOR 20 FOOT HEIGHT
MAXIMUM WHICH I CAN IMAGINE
WHAT THE REASONS WOULD BE BUT
WHAT WAS THE THINKING BEHIND
THAT?
SO THAT'S A REALLY GOOD
QUESTION.
IT WAS PART OF AN OVERALL US
REDEVELOPMENT OF THE CODE AND
WE HAD CONSULTANTS THAT CAME
AND THAT WAS WHAT THEY
PROPOSED.
THE PLANNING MANAGER SPOKE OUT
AS WELL AND THOUGHT THAT THAT
WAS A GOOD BASELINE FOR
CHARACTER FOR THE FOUR HEIGHTS
FOR THEIR BUILDINGS AT A
CERTAIN HEIGHT.
YEAH, TO KEEP THEM WITHIN A
CERTAIN HEIGHT OF YOU KNOW,
LIKE SAY 30 FOOT TALL BUILDING
YOU DON'T WANT TO SIGN AT
TWENTY EIGHT FEET AT TWENTY.
YEAH.
SO I MEAN I I WAS YOU KNOW OUR
JOB IS TO SORT OF HAVE THE CITY
COUNCIL WITH THE ORDINANCE IS
THINKING I'M A LITTLE BIT NOT
TRYING TO PUT THINGS HERE BUT
IN THE FENCE I THINK TWENTY
FOUR DESIGN ENGINEER WE SHOULD
TRY TO SUPPORT OUT THE PROBLEM.
>> MY HEAD HERE LISTENING TO
THE CONSTRUCTION MANAGER IS
THERE COMING AND REPURPOSING A
BUILDING AND THAT FACADE IS
ALREADY IN A CERTAIN HEIGHT
CONSISTENT WITH ALL THE OTHER
LARGE BESIDES THE BUILDING AND
THEY WOULD INCUR A LOT OF EXTRA
MONEY TO RECONFIGURE ADDING
STEEL.
IT WOULD ALSO DROP SOMETHING
DOWN FROM THE OTHER THE OTHER
STORES.
IT WOULD LOOK A LITTLE WEIRD IN
ONE SENSE IT'S NICE TO SAY WELL
YOU KNOW THE NEW ORDINANCE YOU
STARTED CONSTRUCTION GOING WITH
THE NEW ORDINANCES ON THE OTHER
HAND THEY'RE COMING AND
REPURPOSING AND BUILDING AND
THEY DON'T WANT TO HAVE TO BAN
BIG BOX AND REWORK THE ENTIRE
ENTRANCE SO I THINK I'M
PROBABLY LEANING TO BEGIN WITH
THE EXCEPTION HERE BUT I'D LIKE
TO HEAR FROM OTHER PEOPLE HOW
THEY FEEL ABOUT THESE COMPETING
THINGS.
SO I AM STRUGGLING A LOT WITH
THIS BECAUSE I'M REMEMBERING
THE BURLINGTON SIGN THAT WE
HAD.
YES, I REMEMBER I DON'T KNOW IF
THAT WAS LAST YEAR.
I'M SURE THAT BUT WE DON'T
REALLY TEND TO STUFF IT INTO
THE HOTEL AND THEY'RE SAYING IF
YOU DRIVE PAST THE SHOPPING
CENTER, THE BURLINGTON SIGN IS
LOWER THAN ALL OF THE OTHER
EXISTING SITE WAS BRAND NEW.
>> THEY REDID THE FACADE AND
WITH THE WAY IT WAS THE
CORPORATE PEOPLE IN NEW YORK
THEY WERE SAYING WE HAVE TO
HAVE OUR SIGNINGS THE SAME
ACROSS THE ENTIRE COUNTRY AND
WE WERE LIKE NO YOU DON'T WE
KNOW WHERE THE HOTEL IS.
SO THERE'S NOT QUITE FABULOUS
ONE.
>> WHAT WAS THAT?
I LOOKED I MEAN YEAH.
>> WHAT WERE THE PARTICULARS
ABOUT THE BURLINGTON ONE?
I THINK THIS IS RIGHT.
I THINK THEY REDID THE WHOLE
FACADE AND THEY WANTED TO PUT
THEIR SIGN AT THE SAME HEIGHT
AS ALL THE OTHER SIGNS IN THE
SHOPPING CENTER WHICH WAS
HIGHER THAN THE TWENTY FEET.
YEAH.
HERE AND THERE AND THE CHANGE
WE TOLD THEM NOW.
YEAH.
SO THEIR SIGN IS LOWER NOW I'M
LOOKING AT THIS HOMEGOODS AND I
THINK THERE IS A LEGIT
PRACTICAL DIFFICULTY TO THEM
PUTTING THE SIGN AT TWENTY FEET
BECAUSE THERE'S NOT FASCIA
THERE.
YEAH I MEAN HE DESCRIBED IT
WELL I THINK THE APPLICANT ALL
THE THE COST IMPLICATIONS TO
AND IT'S JUST OVERCOMPLICATING
THE CONSTRUCTION.
YEAH I FEEL I AGREE BUT NOW I'M
NOT SO SURE ABOUT LOOKING THE
MARSHALS ONE THAT'S COMING NEXT
THAT WOULD SO MUCH ABOUT THAT
ONE BEING CENTERED IN THE AREA
BECAUSE THAT ONE HAS A LITTLE
BIT DIFFERENT CIRCUMSTANCES
WHERE THEY CAN LOWER SO I MEAN
MAYBE THAT'S A DISCUSSION I'LL
SAVE FOR THE NEXT ONE BUT I
GUESS IN TERMS OF THE HOMEGOODS
I'M RECOGNIZING THAT THERE'S A
HARDSHIP HERE AND I THINK IN
THIS BUSINESS I'M OKAY WITH THE
COST.
I'M OK WITH IT BEING HIGHER.
DAVE, I JUST WANT TO SAY THAT
WE'RE PRESENTED WITH THESE
WORKSHEETS FOR VARIOUS AND THEN
WE HAVE TO WORK FOR ALTERATION
TO A NON CONFORMANCE STRUCTURE
.
WE DON'T HAVE WORKSHEETS FOR
THAT SINCE WE DON'T HAVE
WORKSHEETS FOR SCIENCE AND I
THINK THESE ARE INCREDIBLY
PROBLEMATIC AND I KEEP SAYING
EVERY TIME THE SITE COMES UP
FOR US I'D LIKE TO GET
SOMETHING SOME GUIDANCE FROM
THE PLANNING STAFF FOR A NEW
WORKSHEET BECAUSE ALL THESE
FIVE ITEMS WE WANT TO GAUGE BY
OUR IN MANY CASES IRRELEVANT AT
THIS PARTICULAR TIME KIND
OF LIKE AN ALTERATION TO A
NIGHT PERFORMANCE STRUCTURE
VERSUS A VARIANCE TO THE
EXISTING BUILDING.
THEY'RE NOT GOING OUTSIDE
OF THE FOOTPRINT.
SO I WANT TO BE MORE EASY WITH
THE GIVING THEM THE VARIANCE
WHICH I'M OK.
I'LL DO AN ALTERATION TO A NON
CONFORMING STRUCTURE IN TERMS
OF OUR ZONINGS THAT WE DO.
SO I'M LEANING TOWARDS I DON'T
SEE HOW THEY CAN LOWER TO
TWENTY FEET IN THIS CASE AND I
WOULD DOES I WOULD SUPPORT THIS
AND WITH WHITEBOARD LOGIC
BASICALLY COMPARING IT SIMILAR
TO AN ALTERATION WOULD NOT
CONFORM WITH STRUCTURE IN TERMS
OF A LOT OF THE ZONING MATTERS
THAT WE CONSIDER.
>> MY COMPLAINT IS WHEN THIS
BUILDING IS ITSELF THE STREET
THIS IS NOT A PLACE WHERE
PEDESTRIANS WILL BE BACK AT
THIS PLAZA WHERE PEOPLE SHOP AT
THESE STORES AND THAT SORT
OF JUST DRIVE OVER TO SEE THE
BEAUTIFUL STREETS, SHE SAID
WOULD BE ENOUGH FOR ME EVEN IF
THIS WAS ON THE STREET.
>> BUT THE STREETS THE STREETS
AGAIN EASY ONE FOR ME, DONNA.
>> I THINK THE FACT THAT THEY
CAN'T BRING IT DOWN TO A HEIGHT
WITHOUT CHANGING THE WHOLE
FACADE THAT'S THE PRACTICAL
DIFFICULTY THAT CHANGES THINGS.
SO I'LL SUPPORT
ANY DISCUSSION
PROMOTION GAME.
THANK BY EVERYONE.
ZEBRA FOUR DASH ZERO ZERO ONE
FOUR THREE SIX FOUR FIVE
WASHTENAW YAVNE IN ACCORDANCE
WITH THE ESTABLISHED NAMES FOR
APPROVAL THE ZONING BOARD
OF APPEALS HEREBY GRANTS A SIX
FOOT SIX INCH VARIANCE FROM
TABLE FIVE POINT TWENTY FOUR
AGAINST THREE OTHER MIXED USE
AND NONRESIDENTIAL SPECIAL
PURPOSE DISTRICT ATTORNEYS
SIGNS THE REQUESTED EIGHT FEET
NINE INCHES WOULD ALLOW A
PERMANENT LOSS TO BE INSTALLED
ABOVE THE MAXIMUM ALLOWABLE FOR
TWENTY FEET.
THE SAME SIGN IS TO BE
INSTALLED FOR THE SUBMITTED
PLANS SHOULD BE SIX FEET SIX
AND A HALF INCHES.
OH WHAT BE THE WRONG ONE?
NO I MAY AT BEST THAT ON THAT I
APOLOGIZE AT THE REQUEST OF SIX
SIX AND A HALF INCHES WOULD
ALLOW A PERMANENT ALSO JUST
THAT'S WHAT I THOUGHT YOU SAID
EIGHT FEET NINE INCHES.
WHY IS IT SIX MONTHS A DAY
AFTER THAT THE NEXT SENTENCE
I'M SORRY FEET NINE INCHES SIX
FEET THAT SHOULD BE SIX SIXTY
SIX AND A HALF INCHES.
OKAY SO THAT'S THAT LAST
SENTENCE CHANGE SORRY I WAS SIX
FOOT I DIDN'T HAVE ENOUGH
COFFEE WHEN I WROTE THIS IS A
FEW AND ALL.
WOULD YOU LIKE ME TO REREAD THE
WHOLE THING.
NO NO NO I THINK WE JUST KNOW
THAT AT SIX SIXTY SIX POINT
FIVE INCHES RATHER THAN EIGHT
FEET NINE INCHES OKAY THEN YES
THAT I'M GOING TO GIVE THIS
QUARTER DENHA SO SHE'LL HAVE A
WRITTEN CORRECT.
>> WE HAVE A MOTION FROM DAVE
SUPPORT FROM GRACE TOP.
YES.
GRACE YES.
I ALSO VOTE YES DHARMA OH YES
MY FIRST WAIT NO NO NO FOR OH
NO THAT'S SUCH A BIG SMILE MIKE
YES THEY ALREADY YES.
>> CHRISTINA YES.
>> THE REQUEST IS GRANTED
MOVING ON TO STATION ZIBA
TWENTY FOUR ZERO ZERO ONE FIVE
THIRTY SIX THIRTY FIVE WATCH
TONIGHT.
>> YES THIRTY SIX THIRTY FOUR
YES.
COMMANDEERS OF METRO DETROIT
SIGNS REPRESENTING A BUSINESS
AND PROPERTY OWNERS ARE SEEKING
A VARIANCE FROM TABLE FIVE
POINT TWENTY FOUR DASH THREE
HUNDRED MIXED USE AND NON
RESIDENTIAL AND SPECIAL PURPOSE
DISTRICT PERMANENT SIGNS THE
REQUEST OF EIGHT FEET NINE
INCHES WOULD ALLOW A PERMANENT
WALL SIGN TO BE INSTALLED ABOVE
THE MAXIMUM LEVEL HEIGHT
OF TWENTY FEET.
THE PROPERTY IS C THREE FOUR
INCH COMMERCIAL.
THE SEPARATE PROPERTY IS
LOCATED AT THE NORTHWEST
QUADRANT OF WASHINGTON AVENUE
AND HIGHWAY U.S. TWENTY THREE
AND THE ARBOR LANES SHOPPING
CENTER.
THE CENTER WAS CONSTRUCTED IN
NINETEEN NINETY ONE AND
CONTAINS FIVE BUILDINGS.
THE TOTAL SQUARE FOOTAGE OF THE
CENTER IS FOUR HUNDRED SEVEN
THOUSAND THREE HUNDRED SEVENTY
FOUR SQUARE FEET AND AREA.
>> THE CURRENT TENANT SPACE IS
UNDERGOING INTERIOR RENOVATIONS
AND THE FRONT FACADE IS BEING
ALTERED AS WELL.
A NEW CHANNEL LETTER WAS SIGNED
WITH THE BUSINESS NAME MARSHALL
IS TO BE INSTALLED.
THE SITE IS ONE HUNDRED AND
NINETY SQUARE FEET IN AREA.
THE SIGN IS TO BE INSTALLED
DIRECTLY ABOVE THE ENTRANCE
DOORS AT A HEIGHT OF EIGHT FEET
NINE INCHES ABOVE THE MAXIMUM
OF TWENTY FEET FOR A TOTAL
OF TWENTY NINE INCHES.
THE CURRENT SIDE OF THIS WAS
ADOPTED IN DECEMBER 2020.
TARGET ATTENTION TO THE SCREEN
ONCE AGAIN SUBJECT PROPERTY AND
THE ZONING MAPS HIGHLIGHTED
TORNERO WASHTENAW US TWENTY
THREE EXISTING CONDITIONS
SURROUNDING PROPERTIES
OF AIRFOIL AND THE ZOOMED IN
AERIAL PHOTO SLIDE IS SHOWING
THE PROPOSED MARSHALS' LOCATION
BETWEEN THE HOMEGOODS THE
PREVIOUS DAYS THE GROVE AND
THIS IS THE ELEVATION OF WHAT
IS BEING PROPOSED WITH THE
VARIANCE OF TWENTY EIGHT FEET
NINE INCHES AND WHAT IT WAS AND
THIS IS THE 190 SQUARE FOOT
SIGN WAS SIX FOOT TALL LETTERS
AND THIRTY ONE FEET IN LENGTH
AND IS AN EXAMPLE OF THE
CONFORMING SIGN TWENTY FEET
ABOVE THE GRADE THE APPLICANT
SAID THE SIGN WOULD BE TO ME
THIS IS WHAT IS EXISTING OUT
THERE AT THE LOCATION RIGHT NOW
WHICH IS TO BE CHANGED OR
ALTERED.
SO YOU SEE THE DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN THE THE PROPOSED WHAT
WOULD MAKE AND THEN EXISTING
YOU THE PICTURE OF THE CURRENT
CONSTRUCTION OF THE NEW
VERSIONS?
I DON'T BELIEVE IT'S GETTING
READY TO GO UNDER CONSTRUCTION
IS NOT ACTIVE RIGHT NOW.
I DON'T BELIEVE YEAH.
NO, I DON'T THINK THEY'VE HAD
THAT WHEN I WAS OUT THERE ON
APRIL FOUR THAT'S WHAT IT
LOOKED LIKE.
BUT THIS IS THE OLD ONE AT THE
END CLOSER TO US TWENTY THREE I
KNOW THIS IS THE ONE THAT'S
CURRENTLY UNDER CONSIDERATION.
IT'S NO MARSHALS SERVICE
OFFICIALS WILL BE BETWEEN YEAH
.
SO IT'S GOING TO BE MOVED FROM
WEST TWENTY TO NEAR THE
ARCHWAY.
YES, OK.
IT IT'S RIGHT THERE RIGHT NOW
AND IT'S GOING RIGHT THERE.
>> IS IT A BRAND NEW BUILDING?
NO IT'S JUST BEING RENOVATED
RIGHT NOW.
WHAT WAS THE RENOVATED BUILDING
LOOK LIKE?
I DON'T I DON'T KNOW.
I DON'T HAVE THAT PICTURE.
SORRY.
WELL YEAH I'D LIKE TO KNOW
ABOUT THE CURRENT SENATORS.
WELL THEY SHOW US WHERE THE
PLACEMENT OF THE SITE WOULD BE.
YEAH, YEAH.
>> THIS IS MY FIRST STOP WITH
THIS LARGE SACIA AND THEN THE
SMALLER DOORS RIGHT THERE.
BUT DOES THE EXISTING FACADE
OF THE BUILDING HAVE THIS DOES
NOT LOOK SO JOHN.
THE IF YOU GO BACK TO THE
EXISTING SIGN MARSHALL SIGN
THERE ARE SOME ARCHITECTURAL
ELEMENTS THAT AREN'T THE WORDS
DOES THE CITY CONSIDER THOSE
THINGS OUT OF LEFT AND THE
RIGHT OF THE MARSHALS TO BE
PART OF THE SIGN FOR THOSE JUST
DECORATIVE?
CAN I CAN I CAN I GUARANTEE YOU
THAT WOULD BE SIGNAGE THAT
WOULD NOT BE CONSIDERED SIGNAGE
SO YOU DON'T ADD THAT TO THE
SQUARE FOOTAGE.
>> YOU KNOW, DOES ANYONE
THOUGHT THAT THIS WAS THIS
BUSINESS RIGHT THERE WAS
ANOTHER RALLY SO YOU GET HOUSE
.
I'M JUST SURE THAT'S THE
BUSINESS WHERE THE MARSHALS IS
GOING TO IS TAKING PART OF THE
OLD THAT TWO BEFORE TO WORK.
SO THAT'S ONE BIG TENANT
ESPECIALLY THAT OUR SYSTEM
HERE.
OK, SO IT WAS THE SAME AS IT
EXISTED IN THE PREVIOUS FACADE.
SO THEN THEY'RE BUILDING THIS
RIGHT HERE.
>> YEAH, YOU'RE TAKING ME BACK
PORTION.
>> YES.
MA'AM.
BUT IT'S SO IT'S YOUR HOME IF
PETITIONER WOULD LIKE YOU MAY
SPEAK FOR FIVE MINUTES
GENERATIONS FREE SPEECH THAT
YOU MADE ABOUT THE PREVIOUS
CASE TO INSURANCE.
DID YOU HAVE IN TERMS OF THE
PLACEMENT OF THE SITE LIKE TO
TAKE INTO CONSIDERATION THAT AS
PART OF THE BUILD UP HERE
MARTIAL'S IS ADDING A HUNDRED
AND OVERHANGING CANNOT BE
BECAUSE ALL THE OTHER STORES
HAVE TO PROTECT PEOPLE COMING
IN FROM THE COLD WEATHER AND IF
THE SIGN WERE TO BE INSTALLED
AT THE 20 FOOT HIGH IT WOULD
INTERFERE WITH ALL OF THE
SUPPORTS FOR THAT.
AND SO WHAT WE'RE HOPING TO DO
IS CENTER IT ON THAT SIDE WHICH
IS ONCE AGAIN A MUCH BETTER
WE'LL ESTHETICALLY PLEASING
PLACEMENT ON THAT SITE.
YEAH.
SO IF YOU SEE THAT WOULD
INTERFERE WITH THESE PAPERS
SUPPORTS RIGHT HERE FOR THERE
LIKE HERE'S THE NEW CAMP B BUT
THE LIKE THE WIRE OR METAL
BRACKETS THE WALL THAT'S THE
REQUEST AND THAT'S WHAT IT
WOULD LOOK LIKE.
ANY QUESTIONS PETITIONER
I
WOULD INTERFERE A THOUSAND
ACRES FOR THE CANOPY THAT'S THE
MOST THAT YOU COULD RAISE THAT
WAS INTERFERING WITH THOSE
ACRES AND IT LOOKS LIKE YOU
COULD RAISE IT A MERE TEN FEET
AND NOT INTERFERE WITH THOSE
ACRES.
I'LL TAKE YOUR DIRECT YOU KNOW,
JUST LOOK OUTWARD.
IT'LL BE RIGHT IN THAT SPACE
.
AND I THINK AS YOU HAD
MENTIONED EARLIER COVERS THE
PREVIOUS CASE THIS THIS IS A
UNIQUE DEVELOPMENT IN THE CITY
AND THE SITE IS SEVERAL HUNDRED
FEET FROM THE ROAD.
IT DOES MAKE IT A LOT EASIER
FOR PEOPLE AND PROSPECTIVE
CLIENTS THAT ARE COMING IN TO
SEE IDENTIFY WHERE THAT IS THE
CENTER
IS WHERE THE AUDIENCE IS
TO TRY TO STAY WITHIN 20
LOCATION.
BUT THESE ARE UNIQUE.
THE SITES RELATIVE TO WHAT
OTHER RETAIL LOCATIONS IN THE
DOWNTOWN ENVIRONMENT ARE SUCH
AS SAN AT CONSTRUCTION THAT THE
WHAT IS KNOWN CONSTRUCTION AND
THE SHAPE OF THAT FACILITY IS
NEW CONSTRUCTION.
AM I CORRECT IN SAYING THAT THE
CONSTRUCTION MANAGER I'LL TAKE
THAT QUESTION.
IT'S IT'S A NEW SITE THAT'S
BUILT INTO THE STRUCTURE OF THE
EXISTING BUILDINGS.
SO IT WAS DESIGNED AROUND THE
EXISTING STEEL AND COLUMNS AND
SUPPORTS THAT THE BUILDING HAS
IT'S LITERALLY JUST A SPACE
THAT'S PUT ONTO THE STRUCTURE.
WE ONLY OPENED UP THE BUILDING
AS MUCH AS WE NEEDED TO FOR
THAT ADDITIONAL STEEL SUPPORTS
IT TO SUPPORT THE BUILDING AND
TO SUPPORT THE OPEN SPACE FOR
THE COURSE.
SO WE DIDN'T BUILD INTO THE
BUILDING WE BASICALLY BUILT ON
THE FRONT FACE OF THE EXISTING
BUILDING LIKE STEEL BUILD.
IT'S BUILT WHEN WE SUBMITTED TO
THE CITY FOR BUILDING PERMITS
THIS WAS ALL APPROVED SO WE HAD
NO IDEA AT VARIANCE WITH THE
SIGNAGE AT THAT TIME.
ALL OF OUR STEEL WAS INSTALLED
A COUPLE OF MONTHS AGO.
IF YOU DRIVE PAST I WAS JUST
THERE TODAY VISITING SITE IN
NEW JERSEY NOW YOU'LL SEE THAT
THE SITE IS BUILT OUT BOARD IS
THERE.
WE'RE JUST WAITING FOR WHETHER
TO JUST SO WE CAN JUST SEE THE
QUESTIONS I WISH TO SPEAK AND
THIS IS YOUR CHANCE AGAIN JUST
FOR YOU TOTALLY SUPPORT.
I HAVEN'T DECIDED YET BUT THE
MOST OF THE COMPLEXES WE GOT
OFF OF THE ROAD OVER LAND IS IS
JUST IT'S DIFFERENT THAN A LOT
OF THE PROPERTIES AND THEY HAVE
A LITTLE FURTHER BACK FROM THE
IT'S A CENTER THAT WAS JUST
DESIGNED THAT WAY TO BE KIND
OF A SHOPPING CENTER IN A PLACE
COMMUNITY PLACE.
SO YOU KNOW, WE'RE JUST LOOKING
TO HAVE SOME CONSISTENCY THERE
ALTHOUGH IT DOESN'T MEET THE
CURRENT SHOWED THE CONSISTENCY
WOULD BE CAPPED IF WE WERE
ALLOWED TO PUT THAT UP AT THE
TV.
>> THANK YOU.
YOU DID NOT RECEIVE ANY LETTERS
ON THIS ONE AS FAR AS I RECALL.
SO WITH THAT THE PUBLIC HEARING
IS FOCUSING ON THE
COMPARING
THIS TO A VARIANCE VERSUS AN
ALTERATION.
I SEE THIS MORE ALONG THE LINES
OF A VARIANCE WHICH REQUIRES
MORE OF A MORE STRINGENT
MEETING OF OUR REQUIREMENTS
SINCE THEY PUT ME UP THERE THEY
DIDN'T MAKE IT AS TALL AS THEY
DID.
THEY FOR THEIR OWN FEELINGS
ABOUT WHAT THE VISUAL DYNAMICS
ARE, THE TWO FEET OF FOR
INSTANCE, REQUEST BECAUSE HE
WISHES THAT IF HE MOVED IT UP
TO FEET HE WOULD VOID THOSE
SUPPORTS AND THEN YOU CAN
REDESIGN THE FACADE BY PUTTING
SOME OTHER VISUAL EFFECTS LIKE
THEY DID ON THEIR OTHER SIDE.
MARSHALL SIDE UP AT THE TOP AND
RECONFIGURE IT IN A WAY
VISUALLY AS AN ARTIST MIGHT
ADVISE THEM TO DO OR I'M GOING
TO CONSULT FOR CHARGE TO THAT
LOOK MORE LIKE A REQUEST AND I
WILL KNOW THAT HERE THEY'RE
ASKING FOR TWO FEET THREE
INCHES MORE OF A VARIANCE THAN
IN THE LAST VARIANCE THAT WE
JUST GRANTED.
SO THEY'RE ASKING FOR A BIGGER
VARIANCE FOR THIS SIDE.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND THE
RATIONALE FOR THAT BECAUSE IT'S
SUCH A DIFFERENT BASELINE FOR
THIS THAN IT DOES FOR THE
HOMEGOODS.
I'M GOING TO BE GUARDING
AGAINST THIS TOP PICK YOU UP
ALONG AT DVS.
I WILL ALSO BE VOTING NO.
SO YOU'RE DENHA TO KNOW THE
ZONING RULES AND REGULATIONS.
AH THIS CONSTRUCTION WAS
STARTED AFTER THE ZONING CHANGE
WAS PASSED BY CITY COUNCIL.
THEY WERE LEGALLY BURDENED WITH
THIS.
THE FACT THAT THEY DIDN'T
THAT'S NOT CITY PROPERTY.
I THINK THIS REALLY FALLS UNDER
THE CONDITION THAT IT'S A
SELF-IMPOSED PRACTICAL
DIFFICULTY.
THEY WEREN'T PRESENTED WITH A
FAIT ACCOMPLI FACADE AS IN THE
CASE OF THE OLD BED BATH AND
BEYOND SIGHT POSITION.
THIS WAS A NEW FACADE.
THEY DECIDED TO BUILD FROM
SCRATCH OF THEIR OWN SHOES AND
THEY PUT THEMSELVES IN THIS
POSITION AND THEY SHOULDN'T
RECEIVE AN EXCEPTION FROM THE
NEW SITE SIGNING ORDERS BECAUSE
OF THAT I WOULD ALSO SAY OF ALL
BUILDING SITE WHERE BUSINESS IS
REALLY WHAT IS A FIFTY FOOT
SIGN SPOTLESS BLARING MUSIC AND
FLASHING LIGHTS BUT MOST PEOPLE
COME TO URBAN LAND KNOWING WHAT
THEY'RE LOOKING FOR AND WHERE
THEY'RE GOING TO GO.
THEY'RE NOT DRIVING BY SOMEBODY
I THINK MAYBE THEY SAID EARLIER
LOOKING FOR A SIGN NEXT DOOR
AND SEEING THE THE WHEN THE
SIGN IS REALLY SECONDARY, YOU
KNOW IT'S IN THE MALL SOMEWHERE
AND A SIGN THAT'S UP TO 20 FEET
ABOVE THE PAVEMENT AND LONG
STRETCH IS GOING TO BE PLENTY
OF THIS AND I JUST DON'T THINK
IT MEETS THE CRITERIA.
>> THE MAIN ONE BEING THE
DIFFERENCE IN HOW THEY WERE
PRESENTED WITH A FACADE
IRONICALLY I THINK
UNINTENTIONAL BUT A
SELF-IMPOSED
THE DISCUSSION
CHRISTINE, IT'S JUST THAT I'M
IN GENERAL ALIGNMENT WITH THE
POINTS THAT TODD AND DAVE JUST
MADE.
SO I I'LL BE VOTING NO BECAUSE
I THINK THAT THEIR OPTIONS
AGAIN TO NOT GO WITH THE
PROPOSED THANK YOU AND I'LL
JUST SAY VERY QUICKLY THAT I
AGREE THAT I THINK WE'RE TO SAY
I ACCIDENTALLY VOTED NO IN THE
LAST BUT YOU
MICHAEL
I VOTED
FOR MOTION.
WELL, THANK YOU, DAVE ZEBEDEE
TWENTY FOUR DASH ONE ZERO ZERO
ONE FIVE SIX I THIS WILL BE A
STRONG STANCE FOR FOOTBALL AS I
WAS UP HERE BY GRANDSON EIGHT
FOOT NINE EXPERIENCE FROM TABLE
TWENTY FOUR MIXED USE AND
NONRESIDENTIAL AND SPECIAL
PURPOSE DESCRIPT SPERMICIDES
THE REQUEST OF EIGHT FEET NINE
INCHES OF RAINFALL SORRY TO BE
INSTALLED FOR THE MAXIMUM
ALLOWABLE HEIGHT OF TWENTY
FEET.
THE SONG IS TO BE STYLED TO
SUBMITTED PLANS WORK.
THANK YOU GARMO LIKE NO BODY NO
QUESTION.
NO NO NO I ALSO VOTE NO DENHA
NO REQUEST IS DENIED TO
UNFINISHED BUSINESS FOR SHWARTZ
FOR EVERYTHING ALL RIGHT WE
ADDRESS ALL OF THE LETTERS
OF SUPPORT AN OBJECTION YOU
RECEIVED SO FIRST ANYONE WHO
WISHES TO SPEAK TO THE CBO AND
ANY MATTER WHATSOEVER NOW'S
YOUR CHANCE SEEING NO ONE HERE.
THAT'S RIGHT.
IF THERE'S ANYONE REMOTELY
PLEASE CROSS THE LINE AND USE
THE RIGHT HAND.
BUT THERE ARE NO THANK YOU
COURTNEY.
DO A MOTION.
THANK YOU TO
I FEEL BAD THAT I
WAS THE LAST